---
title: $100 Workshops
type: guides
source_files: $100 Workshops.pdf  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, customer, growth, leverage, offer
token_count: 795
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.802689
---

# $100 Workshops

$100 Workshops
How To Generate Customers, Cashflow and Clients With $100 Workshops
Workshops Work:
The simple definition of a workshop is a live call where something gets done.
Workshops combine information and insight.
How something is done - information How it can work for an individual attendee - insight
Where to create from:
Solve a single problem, deliver a single result ● Clients first, customers second
[Workshop Calendar - October 2024 Schedule Placeholder]
The workshops you create are useful for clients. I will reiterate this regularly...
How to create it:

Magic pills sell in large numbers ● Reminding is more useful than teaching
The best workshops are self-contained. They give everyone a result no matter if they decide to become clients or not. While tempting to leave something out this manipulation comes back in the future.
The best clients understand the value of proximity and insight. They get the information in the workshop and
Most people feel they will be fine with information. The majority will leave and do nothing with it. Some will leave, try to execute it, see it work for them and want more or will see it's harder than it looks and will come back.
The duality of good workshops is that the more you create for clients the more sales you make to customers who are best fit clients.
Said another way, the less sales you try and make the more sales you will make.
The Two Frames
This Is Part Of Client Delivery:
"Welcome to our guests, this workshop is for my clients" Allowing people to understand that this workshop is being held as part of your normal delivery allows them to see and imagine a world they might like to be part of.
Small Part Of Something Larger:

Whether your workshop is demonstration, model or mechanism based it will only cover a small part of your world. Show how it fits into the big picture.
Eg workshops are one component of the Sovereign Blueprint they work alone but work better when you have a great Client offer.
The Power Ladder
The realities of market dynamics can frustrate or be embraced.
Not everybody is going to buy your stuff. In fact, very few will.
The key to leverage is identifying who is likely to firstly, buy, then who will make a custom of buying (customer) and who would find further access to you useful (client)
The Power Ladder™
Understanding market dynamics and sophistication allows you to meet the right person with the right offer to generate insight for their specific stage of growth
What people say and what people do are very different things.
Many people in your addressable market can intend to work with you in the future. Hanging on this hope will sustain you for a little then depress you when it's not fulfilled.

Many businesses go crazy and broke trying to 'educate' and 'nurture' their market when making an offer presents the simplest shortcut.
The strongest intent demonstration is the act of purchasing. This gives you a signal to tune into and explore the intent behind that commitment.
The Sovereign Blueprint
Built on The Sovereign Principles and deploying the correct modality via the correct channel:
Coaching - Helping people discover the answer inside them. ● Consulting - Giving someone the answer. ● Mentorship - Showing someone how I would do it ● Creator - Conjuring of original ideas ● Curator - Assembly of the best ideas
If, then:




If I share good content on social and make it easy and natural to join my email list I will grow my leads daily. If I create great workshops for clients then customers will purchase them and a few will naturally see that it's worth joining The Syndicate. If I make it easy to get started in The Syndicate with pricing economics I will maximize client experience and LTV naturally by unbundling and having dynamic offers. If I build a great client base and establish great relationships, I will naturally find those who value being coached in The Circle.