---
title: Email Templates Collection
type: templates
source_files: Template_ Install Offer.pdf, The Sovereign Consultant - The Simplest Path to $1m.pdf, The 3k Code - Why People Buy.pdf, James Kemp email copy.pdf, Email Templates_ The Offer Code.pdf  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, customer, growth, leverage, offer, profit, revenue, service, strategy
token_count: 5410
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.802488
---

# Email Templates Collection

Email 1:
March 2020 was weird for everyone.
Some virus thing was sweeping the globe and uncertainty was high.
I was in Bali with my family. We'd been here for two years. It was home.
But it was emptying out. People with masks everywhere.
The New Zealand govt was even telling everyone who could to return 'while you were able'.
On Thursday we decided 'we should go' and Friday we were on a plane. It turned out to be the last flight from Bali to NZ.
Landing in NZ. Plans up in the air and businesses closed. I did what many did: launched a new offer
It was called The $10k Code and simply helped someone put together an offer they could sell and deliver online.
With businesses closed, events canceled and uncertainty high, lots of businesses realised they had to go online.
For The $10k Code I did something a little different.
I wrote the whole offer in a plain old Google Doc and sent it to people via messenger and email.
So calls, no webinar, no selling at all.
A quick convo to make it sure it was useful, send them a doc and send them a link to pay when they were in.
At it worked.
In the first month 55 people joined for $1500.
I continued to sell it for months and many of the people joined my mentorship, again

with a simple Google doc.
I eventually automated the whole invitation and sending process via something I call The Cash Campaign but that story is for another day.
It worked for one reason.
The offer and the 5 components it needs to contain.
Offers are everything. Up to $3m they ARE the business. One offer can do it all.
I've gone on to sell millions from plane old Google Docs using the 5 components.
Every time an offer flops for me I've skipped one of them.
I've put together everything I know about Offer creation and the 5 components in The Offer Code.
It takes you step by step through and gives you two templates to swipe and use yourself. Including the highest converting offer I've ever created.
The Offer Code is available until next Thursday for $100. A whopping $400 off the regular investment.
You can grab it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
Tomorrow I'll be telling you about a special event I'll be holding for folks who pick up this training.
To your success
James 'offers' Kemp
Email 2:
An offer is the business.
Based on your replies yesterday: that hit home.
One great offer that's easy to buy, fun to sell and simple to deliver is all you need.

I've hit over a million with a single offer 4 times.
In The Offer Code I walk through the 5 components and give you two templates you can swipe.
But there's nothing like hands-on help.
Next Thursday I'm going to be hosting a private workshop for everyone who picks up The Offer Code before then.
It's still a whopping $400 off it's regular $500 price.
We'll get together on Zoom, I'll walk you through the smash hit offers I've made and then we'll work on yours.
I like hands on, roll up your sleeves work in these environments.
You should leave with something you can offer to someone 5 minutes after the workshop ends.
If you're prepared to get into it you'll get the same value as my clients who pay me tens of thousands.
It's fine to learn from the sidelines, but if you're one of those I'll see about this, camera off, this won't work for me types it won't be your jam.
The recording will be added to The Offer Code afterwards.
I've allocated 2 hours but my workshops often go longer.
Workshop is at 7am Singapore, Wednesday evening for North America, middle of the night for the Euros.
Only for those who get The Offer Code before Thursday.
You can grab it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome

To your success
James 'sleeves up' Kemp
Email 3:
I don't have money goals.
It's not that I don't like money.
It's just that I'm choosy about the way it comes to me.
The conditions matter.
Because money brings obligations.
Of delivery, service and expectation.
When you put healthy boundaries in place for creativity, service, energy and time then you are always rewarded.
When I open up The Syndicate again next week I'm capping it at 100 total.
Not just to optimise my energy but to craft the optimum community. I can afford to build it slowly and deliberately.
With a low cap I'm not compelled to take just anyone who can pay.
You must contribute in the different ways a community needs.
Your own success is a contribution to a community.
Just like I cap my private clients at 16.
It's optimisation not pure maximisation.
If you look at this through the sales lense it also creates one of the most powerful components you can use in selling.

Scarcity.
True scarcity is actually rare.
Marketers especially, always try and squeeze out one more sale, one more day of promo and kill the golden goose. False scarcity is used repeatedly.
Perversely using scarcity thinking in the deployment of scarcity.
It's a double edged sword, if you think in scarcity you're punished, if you create boundaries and it's a by product you are rewarded.
On Thursday's offer code workshop I'll show you how to use scarcity not only to optimise your life but make a boatload of sales.
The workshop is included for anyone who picks up the Offer Code before then.
It's still at it's discounted $100 price.
You can grab it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
To your success
James 'scarcity' Kemp
Email 4:
Waaaay back in the year 2020 I worked with the legendary Travis Sago to help me dial in a $1000 offer that we were selling via chat.
One of the big levers I tested was weekly pricing.
Monthly pricing and numbers ending with 7 are always the go to for the info industry.
I came at it with the point of view that people care less about the frequency of payments and more about the present $$ number they pay today.
I set a target of $1000 pay in full.
This led to a pay plan of 15 x $100 = $1500
With $100 a week for 15 weeks it was only $100 to get started.

To your success
James 'weekly' Kemp
Email 5
It blows my mind how much IP people sit on.
Rotting in hard drives or buried inside programs and courses being seen by only a few people.
Sitting on IP while spending extraordinary amounts of time chasing more leads.
98% of leads won't buy your high ticket thing. 95% of leads won't get on the phone with you. 80% of leads won't even respond to your messages or emails.
But everyone in your audience is a buyer.
They buy things all day long.
They aren't buying things from you because you're probably not making offers.
You're trying every way to get them to buy the 1 offer you have but you're not turning them into buyers.
Buyers have intent.
They bought for a reason.
If you find out the reason you can probably turn them into customers.
Customers buy regularly.
If you turn them into customers you can probably turn them into clients.
Clients can stay for a long time.
Creating buyers, cash flow and momentum from offers is dang simple.
Make something good.
Make it digestible and easy to action.
Over deliver even if it's 'cheap'.

Make it the best it can be and offer it to your leads.
Tomorrow those leads will be buyers and you'll both be further along than you were today.
I walk through exactly how to make offers in The Offer Code.
A couple of folks who bought a couple of days ago have already turned stuff they already had into offers and $$.
There's a live workshop I've included for anyone who picks up the Offer Code before Thursday.
It's $100.
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
To your success
James 'make more offers' Kemp
PS; Workshop is Thursday at 7am Singapore. Scheduled 2 hours but often go longer. Replay will be sent out 24 hours later.
Email 6:
One of my mentorship clients has grown their business revenue 70% in the past 15 weeks.
From £31k to £51k for two consecutive months.
80% of this revenue increase is from recurring revenue.
Their goal is £83k per month average or the 'magic million' per year.
Here's 3 insights I shared with them on Tuesday:
1) Spend more and grow faster:
They are getting front end leads for less than £2 with, chat's with qualified prospects for £14 and calls for £38. There's lots of slack in their KPI's. When something is working you identify the future failure point and then double down on the high leverage activity. The high leverage is cheap leads and the break point is their setting team and process.

https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
To your success
James 'hyper growth' Kemp
Email 7:
This happens every time I make an offer.
When I offered a small event at my home in Bali it happened.
When I offered 1:1 coaching it happened.
When I offered The Offer Code it happened.
What happens is:
When you make one offer, you get asked about other offers.
When I offered an in-person event people asked if I did digital events or private VIP days.
I sold $30k worth of VIP days.
When I offered 1:1 coaching people asked if they could buy consulting hours or a group program.
I sold $46k worth of hourly consulting.
Since I've launched The Offer Code I've been asked if people can buy almost all of the above.
(FYI; I will be re-launching my community on Thursday)
In a truly Meta move, more than a couple of people have asked for the program detailed in one the templates, despite retiring it years ago.

It's very simple.
There is desire in your market.
A single offer is a solution to fulfil that desire.
But there's different types of demand in how it can be fulfilled.
Your offer is the signal to the market that you have solutions and they choose the route of least resistance and ask you if you have different types of solutions.
Some of the my best offers came indirectly from making one offer but the market asking me for something else.
It's why my mantra of make more offers is a self fulfilling success factor.
If you make a lot of offers you will make a lot of sales.
The market literally tells you what they will buy.
Truly swimming with the flow.
Braindead simple if you ask me, yet something that most strangely get hung up on.
Perfectionist procrastination is a fickle misstress.
If you want to learn how to make all types of offers and see me make another one, then pick up The Offer Code before Thursday.
It's $100 and includes my help creating or upgrading your offer on a live workshop.
You can get it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
On Thursday the training will revert back to it's regular $500 investment and the bonuses will disappear.
To your success
James 'make more offers' Kemp

Email 8:
I've been making an offer about offers.
My offer is to teach you how to make offers.
Show you the 5 principles every offer needs to sell.
Give you two templates that made me millions that you can swipe.
And invite you to a live workshop tomorrow where I'll help create your offer.
If your revenue is below $3m, your business is basically one core offer.
The better it is and the easier it is to deliver the faster you grow, the more people you help and the more profit and time you have.
The replay is included for anyone who buys today.
Today is the last day it's $100.
The Offer Code goes back to $500 tonight.
The bonuses disappear.
and no less than 17 people will email me over the next 3 days asking if they can get it for the discounted price and have the bonuses.
Which they can't. The deadline is the deadline.
Get it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome
or don't and email me telling you why you didn't buy it. I want to know. Genuinely.
To your success
James 'deadline' Kemp
PS; For those who've bought, the Zoom link has been sent to your inbox for tomorrow's live workshop.

Post Workshop Follow Up:
The replay of The Offer Code workshop is live inside the training page:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/#####
We went for 2.5 hours are there's some juicy examples of how to create winning offers and make sales with ease.
Enjoy.
James 'juicy' Kemp
PS; I also promised to give Offer Code folks first dibs on joining the Syndicate as a Founder member.
All the details are in this Google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L0n2n_YYd8fPgYyqvHqPo6B-4p2UPkTk2Iy8Q5t 984c/edit?usp=sharing

Phase Two we cashflow the offer with your audience and we’ll work to tap in these new clients.
I’ll leave you with an offer and system that you can run every single month.
You understand you are getting direct help in structuring offers and campaigns, retaining customers and clients, campaign triage (when things don’t go as planned) and other aspects of cash-flowing the offer to $10k.
What we do together:
Add at least $10k in cash re-working an existing offer or creating
something new and simple to deliver.
Offer Install Call with Me. We create the offers, campaigns, messages,
copy and strategy.
The Syndicate. A private community channel w/direct access to me via
message and calls.
Access to all my most up to date templates and strategies. 12 years of strategies. I will give you access to new strategies that are working in my businesses if it meets your specific goals.
Investment?
Your investment uses my Pay As You Profit model that means you keep the majority of the profits we create together
$5k now.
Then: $5k when we hit $10k of sales
I’ll even let you finance the initial $5k over 12 weeks @ $500 per week.
What do you need to bring?
You’re already selling a high ticket offer between $2k-$20k, probably via the phone, and you’ve only sold to 1-2% of your total audience.
You have an email list, Facebook group, Linkedin connections or Instagram followers with a couple of thousand people.

Want in?
Message me and I’ll get you setup.

These are sample emails promoting a black Friday sale. The tone, structure, and value provided in each of these emails are what I want to model in the Fire Yourself Series black friday/cyber monday deal.
Email 1
Subject: This Is Very Simple Body:
5 weeks ago I told you exactly what my plan was:
My 5 Step Devious Plan to $10k a day:
1) Start community where I can full send everything I know about building a silly profitable consulting business on your lonesome. Cap at 100.
2) Run workshops every second week for community with said strategies, sell tickets to workshops I'm doing anyway for $100-$300
3) 3 outcomes: People like workshop and want to work with me, join community/people get value, execute themselves/people don't like get refund (hasn't happened yet)
4) Invite true savages to inner circle and help them build to $100k profit per month. Document journey for proof. Cap at 12.
5) Repeat.
And I'm very close to getting there.
(upon which point I have a new plan:) )
We've got 76 out of 100 spots filled in The Syndicate and I closed another intake today.
My Sovereign Circle has 8 great peeps in it.
And over 560 have attended or had access replays and resources of my workshops.
Along the way I've shown you exactly how I'm doing this.
Literally let you look over my shoulder.
And the funny thing is a One Man Band business that does $3m a year in profit is available to you and you only need one key skill.

see it all play out in front of you and given the exact things that are working in real time and encouraged to swipe them.
This is the first and likely last time I'll sell replays of these.
The bundle is here:
https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
To your success
James 'not even Friday yet' Kemp
Email 2
Subject: An Offer So Good It's Insulting Body: Yesterday I launched the Black Friday.
And among the dozens of purchase and glowing praise from people who owned one of the trainings and are delighted to get more was this:
"Are you trying to insult me?
I've paid $300 for IC, DCM, SC
And now you offer me that plus 2 more for $200!
Where's my special offer for already believing in you and spending my $300...
Give me the extra 2 for free, that would be the right thing to do."
To which I promptly refunded all his previous purchases, told him he could keep access, never to buy any of my products again and wished him all the best.
Because you don't need customers who think like this.
And you surely don't need clients who think like this.
When an opportunity drops in their lap, immediately looking around for how they've been wronged, no one gets them and someone should bow down and save them.

It's not them so much as their mindset.
Winning is resourcefulness and opportunity focus.
Losing is victim and problem focused.
And one of the principles of Customers to Clients, which is one of the trainings and templates included in the BF Bundle, is to use low ticket products to find great customers.
Then turn those customers into clients.
It works like a charm.
Demonstrating that you've got the goods while focusing on people who've signalled intent to improve by putting their hand in their pocket.
Lot's of people say they want something but until they commit then it's all talk.
But when someone puts their hand in their pocket then it's a signal of intent you can lean into.
I walk through this exact process of how we turn $100 customers to $15k inside Customers to Clients and give you my templates.
In the workshop replay there's also examples of other Syndicate folks killing it with this strategy. Of course that's included too.
C to C is inside the BF Bundle.
The bundle is here:
https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
To your success
James 'not even Friday yet' Kemp
Email 3
Subject: The Boring Fundamentals You Don't Have Body:
Among the many buyers I always get good questions when I release anything.

Tomorrow I'll announce a special bonus for buyers.
A reward for those who've already picked it up and a sweetener for those who haven't.
Get your bundle here:
https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
To your success
James 'fundamentals' Kemp
Email 4
Subject: This One Weird Thing Happens When You Make Offers Body: I make offers.
Everyday.
If you ain't making offers you ain't selling, serving or creating.
Little offers. Big Offers.
The Syndicate. Events. Workshops. 1:1 Coaching. Consulting Hours.
Lot's of em.
Right now I've got a Black Friday offer.
It's a little offer with a lot in it.
Little price with lots of value.
Just like my my workshops, I aim to over-deliver.
But every time I make a little offer people ask for other things.
This week, I've booked 2 day long VIP's here in Bali, sold a chunk of consulting hours and sold out my January retreat.
Tens of thousands in sales on offers I'm not promoting.

While only publicly making a little offer.
And clients report this to me when they use my wiley ways.
Whenever they make an offer someone will come along and ask for something else.
Open a program and people ask if you do 1:1.
Offer a virtual event and people ask if you do them in-person.
The more offers you make the more offers people ask you to make.
Most coaches and consultant barely look like they are open for business.
Like a shop with the shutter down with customers peeking in the windows wondering WTF happens in there.
Me and my folks?
Open for business.
Of course you gotta have the goods if you want to put them on display but you got that sorted right?
I walk you through being open for business 24/7/365 inside the Black Friday Bundle.
It's selling faster than I thought so you might want to grab it before it hits the cap and comes down:
https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
To your success
James 'open for business' Kemp
Email 5
Subject: I'm Sweetening The Deal Body: I've had some great folks buy the BF Bundle over the past 48 hours.
So great it's made me want to hang out with them.

And I'm inviting you.
I'm adding the bonus of a workshop with me on Thursday the 14th of December at 7am Singapore to everyone who picks up the BF Bundle before it sells out.
If you've already got it, you're locked in too.
This is the only time I'll do an open 'ask me anything' style workshop for folks outside The Syndicate (they get me twice a week).
You can pick my brain with what you're working on or get help customising your offer from the offer code or get help on messaging or marketing.
We can also do 'big picture' stuff if you feel your model is off or you've been stuck at a revenue level for a while.
I'll coach you.
I'll consult to you.
The stuff I do on the daily to help my clients.
You can freely pick my brain across the two hours.
Included for everyone who picks up the bundle today.
https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
To your success
James 'bonus' Kemp
Email 6
Subject: Multi Seven Figure Coach Gets This From The Bundle Body:

I don't mean to say I told you so.
But I told you so..
This week I've talked about how businesses of all shapes, sizes and revenue levels can come back to the fundamentals of offer making, lead conversion and real lead flow.
Whether you're hunting your first dollar or your next million.
I got a message from a coach who's businesses do over $300k a month:

Implementation:
Checklist:
1. Are you clear about your Core? 2. Have you decided what Content, Community and Customisation to include? 3. Does your offer have a Promise, Plan and Price with a clear ROI?
Offer Validation
You now have the first draft of an offer inside a Google Doc.
Your goal is to get that offer in front of 10 people and validate it with 3 sales.
During this time you will be listening intently to feedback from prospects.
Audit your Audience Assets
Clients you haven’t closed in the past 1-12 months ● Email database ● Social media messages ● Current advertising ● Partners ● Network
Send them a simple message:
Hi xx,
I’m opening the doors for 5 people to work with me to get (your promise) in (time it takes).
I’ve made it easy to get started for $$$ per week.
Shall I send you the details?
Xx
Create A Conversation around your offer:

● Getting a No is as good as a Yes ● What questions do they ask? ● What questions don’t they ask?
Is the promise meaningful to them?
Activity and action trump perfection and procrastination:
5 email follow ups every day ● 10 cold outreach on Linkedin/Facebook/Instagram/Email every day ● 3 pieces of content published weekly on social and emailed to my database
Create a Plan:
Who are you going to reach out to in the next 14 days? ● What assets can you utilise to validate sooner rather than later? ● What daily tasks are non-negotiable to have these conversations

● Have you made it easy to get started? ● Does your price factor in the cost of inaction?
Is there a clear ROI?
No one wants to watch 54 videos and attend 10 hours of calls a week.
More offers fail because they are indigestible than lean.
Telling people whats IN it is more likely to kill demand than enhance it.
Example:
Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc.
We use a Google Doc as it is fast to create, share and modify.
Implementation:
Checklist:
1. Are you clear about your Core?

2. Have you decided what Content, Community and Customisation to include? 3. Does your offer have a Promise, Plan and Price with a clear ROI?
Offer Validation
You now have the first draft of an offer inside a Google Doc.
Your goal is to get that offer in front of 10 people and validate it with 3 sales.
During this time you will be listening intently to feedback from prospects.
Audit your Audience Assets
Clients you haven’t closed in the past 1-12 months ● Email database ● Social media messages ● Current advertising ● Partners ● Network
Send them a simple message:
Hi xx,
I’m opening the doors for 5 people to work with me to get (your promise) in (time it takes).
I’ve made it easy to get started for $100.
Shall I send you the details?
Xx