---
title: Offer Templates Collection
type: templates
source_files: Template_ Install Offer.pdf, The Sovereign Consultant - The Simplest Path to $1m.pdf, The 3k Code - Why People Buy.pdf, James Kemp email copy.pdf, Email Templates_ The Offer Code.pdf  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, customer, growth, leverage, method, offer, revenue, scale, strategy
token_count: 7586
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.802566
---

# Offer Templates Collection

When they arrive at the cart they get a $500 discount to pay $1000 then and there.
I didn't mention it before they arrived at the cart. It was a pleasant surprise.
Lot's of people actually asked permission to use the PIF option...
Despite every protestation under the sun about cashflow challenges and limited budgets during the chat conversations, 86% of people Paid in full.
I've tested it with large groups.
A consulting client sold 400 people into their program and only had 4 people not complete payments over 20 weeks.
I've since tested it with higher weekly prices all the way up to $1000.
It works to get lot's of yeses. It works to get pay in full. It works to get committed clients.
A great structure for a typical info offer is $300 a week for 52 weeks, 8 week love it or leave it. When they get to the cart they get a whopping $5600 discount if they PIF which is a split pay.
I got 60% PIF rate across 140 new members with this structure.
In testing it with other clients I've also learned some other neat strategies to boost cash collected, double conversion rates and close 50% of clients who previously declined an offer but I'll keep those for my clients.
Small tweaks like these can show massive boosts on an existing offer.
I'll be walking you through these on Thursday's offer code workshop.
The workshop (and replay) is included for anyone who picks up the Offer Code before then.
It's still at it's discounted $100 price.
You can grab it here:
https://www.swipemymarketing.com/welcome

They can easily double their ad spend while maintaining current KPI's and keeping a careful eye on the break point.
2) Repeat what works:
The largest single increase in their revenue was running a challenge. They have then worked to lift their acquisition system to maintain this level of growth. The paid acquisition has grown them last month as much as the challenge grew them previous. They tried some other events that didn't move the needle. Everything works but only a few strategies will work for you and your audience. Schedule, repeat and optimise those. Growth is 90% repetition and 10% innovation.
3) Expand your personal capacity:
A weird thing happens when you see growth that you previously dreamed of: It's achieved by a small number of actions. When you've hustled your way through the initial growth this is jarring. You feel like you should be 'doing' more. You start to tinker and lose site that there's a small number of activities you must do. I learned this the hard way myself. When you see rapid growth your leverage comes from becoming the person who can hold onto it. You can also find yourself thinking you're too good for the inner work. Focus, creation and expansion of your relational/emotional/physical/spiritual worlds is what grows you into the person who can maintain it. The growth was pointless without maintenance. Some have to go through this gain/loss cycle many times before they can hold it.
I didn't do any of this. They did.
I provide weekly perspective, experience and insight.
Help them see the important vs the pointless. Work is required.
Smart or hard is the choice.
If you want an offer that can achieve hyper growth you'll want to pick up The Offer Code.
Save $400 until Thursday.

Template: The Offer Install™
5 4 spots available
This is only a good fit if you know what you need is a high converting offer for your audience - not more courses to watch or generic advice.
I only run my own offers to my own audience and sell them daily.
The good news for you is I will create an offer with you for your audience that I’ve previously only used to line my own pockets.
We partner by combining your delivery and audience and my offer creation skills and toolkit.
This is me, you & some Google docs and some Zoom time.
Our goal is at least $10k in new revenue.
Michael launched a new offer and made $37k in 25 days.
Zac scaled to $31k a month recurring.
Louis built up to 51 active clients.
Results are not typical but there is no cap with the right offer for your audience.
You understand over 12 weeks we install and cashflow ONE Client Offer generating at least $10k in sales.
The world is yours when you solve a specific problem for a specific person that NOBODY else can solve the way you do. You’ll be able to set your own prices, set your own terms and sell with far fewer words, less convincing and drastically shorten your sales cycle.
Together we’ll not only produce this offer, we’ll also get it “cash flowing” using my toolkit.
In Phase One we get clear on your ideal market and co-create a Client Offer that gets them a result with the minimum of you. A Client Offer is simply a $3k-$25k offer you deliver to a client that doesn’t require you swapping your time for money and can be delivered online from anywhere.
We use the Hybrid Offer™ to create simple sales while maximising lifetime value.

The folks in The Syndicate are seeing that the model is pretty much everything.
Drop the skill into the right model and it unlocks the value.
The value is already there in your biz, it's just trapped in a sub-standard model that you've doggedly stuck to despite being stuck at the same revenue level for months.
Because a guru preached focus and shamed you away from changing it up despite it not working.
I'm not going to spend anytime 'selling you' on my model.
If you want to build a big empire with a big team you buy donuts for on Mondays then I'm definitely not your guy.
But I am willing to show you.
And short of becoming a client and joining The Syndicate (which is becoming a scarcer opportunity as I approach our 100 person limit ) what I've got for the next few days is as close as you're going to get.
Since Black Friday is coming up I'm going to use it basically give you 5 of my best trainings.
These strategies literally built this business and the folks inside my world are using them to do the same.
For the next few days or until it's sold out you can get:
The Offer Code, Hybrid Client, Customers To Clients, The Daily Client Machine and The Social Code
For $200.
These trainings will walk you through creating a high converting offer you can sell without calls, generating customers and cashflow you can turn into clients and having a flow of leads coming to you daily.
I know you've heard this all before but this is likely the first time you've been allowed to

Yesterday Andrew asked:
"I don't have any customers yet, let alone clients. I'm literally just starting my consulting journey and don't plan to launch until Feb next year. Is the content you're offering of value to me at such an early stage? I could be wrong but It feels like content your offering is for businesses further down the path."
My answer?
"It’s the fundamentals. Everyone needs those no matter the stage.
Start with the Offer Code in the bundle and you’ll have a better grounding than 98% of consultants."
In over a decade of consulting I have seen very, very few businesses consistently apply the fundamentals.
Every time I consult to a large business it's usually re-installing the fundamentals they lost through complexity, expansion and sabotage through boredom.
The fundamentals of a great offer.
A natural sales process.
And magnetic marketing.
Whether you're just getting started or making millions, I'm willing to bet there's a gap in the flow.
It's showing up in one of the three phases:
Not enough Sales Conversion.
Not Enough Lead Conversion.
Not enough Lead Flow.
Sales conversion is solved with the Offer Code.
Lead Conversion with Customers to Clients.
Lead flow with the Daily Client Machine.
All in the ultimate Black Friday Bundle.

That shot is straight out of The Offer Code.
The 5 things your offer needs that give it the highest chance of success.
If a newbie uses them they sell out of the gate.
If an established business uses them they blow up their conversions immediately.
The fundamentals.
I expand on those fundamentals and show you how to maximise the economics in The Hybrid Offer.
Max conversions at max value.
Both of which are in the Black Friday Bundle:
Grab it here: https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
I'm spending this afternoon eating steak and doing my weekly breathwork with my coach.
I'm sure another crazy valuable bonus will come to me I can give to folks who've already picked up the bundle.
To your success
James 'bundled' Kemp

The 3k Code™ - Why People Buy
Assembling, Crafting and Delivering A High Converting Hybrid Offer inside The Sovereign System
The 3k Code is a prescription.
Assembled, it’s a formula.
While I give some variables and teach you how to think along the journey, results will flow from following the prescription.
My job is to give you the prescription.
This formula is designed to be tight and minimal.
It fails if you try and look for complexity or ‘more’.
Your job is to assemble, test, learn and iterate.
All results happen in the marketplace, not in the consumption of ideas.
Most people get in their own way to prevent getting in the game.
I can give you the formula but you must mix the potion and apply it.
The System We Use - The Sovereign System™
The Phases - Essential Stages of Evolution
To generate a client we can break it into phases:
Lead = Someone we’ve earned the right to communicate with Customer = Someone who has transacted with us Client = Someone we commit time/resources to

To obtain a client efficiently we must demonstrate competence at each stage. People can skip any of these steps. Eg a lead can quickly become a client, but this is the exception rather than the rule.
For a client to ascend and identify themselves we must understand intent and desire.
The fastest way to understand intent and desire is to initiate a transaction.
IE Get someone to give you money.
For someone to give you money you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something they desire.
The Model - Simplicity Scales
For Clients - We have one community offer and one upgrade option.
For Customers - We have one time products to generate customers and cashflow
It is offer driven.
We get Leads and turn them into Customers. We turn those Customers into Clients

This is the model I use myself.
I aim to do as little ‘selling’ and ‘marketing’ as possible.
Working backwards, I want to create highly valuable long term relationships, to find those I create clients and help them generate value, to find clients I generate customers to understand their intent, to find customers and demonstrate my ideas to earn attention and trust.
Approaching EVERYTHING as an offer whether it’s free or paid helps construct the most efficient ecosystem possible.
Clients are not created equal.
Power Laws apply.
There are people in your audience, leads, customer and client’s bases that will happily pay you 50x what others will.
You just need the right offer to enable them to do so.

The Pricing - Straight Line to $1m
Pricing is both art and science.
To get to $1m in one year, you need to average $83,333 revenue every month.
You have two tiers in your Client Offer - Tier 1 Community and Tier 2 Consulting.
15 Tier 2 Clients @ an average of $600 per week = $38,700
50 Tier 1 Clients @ an average of $150 per week = $32,250
65 Clients generates $70,950 of recurring monthly revenue.
This requires signing just 1.25 clients per week.
Sell 30 Customer Offers at $100 per week and generate $12,900 per month.
$83,850 every month.

Only 4% of your Customers need to convert to Clients to hit your numbers.
We choose pricing that maximises conversions and economics.
I have 5 years of data behind this and I’m giving you the shortcut:
Community offers at $100-$200 per week and a $3k PIF work the widest range of markets.
Consulting offers at $300-$600 sell to the right people in the right ratios.
$100 Customer Offers convert 5-15% of buyers into Clients
This is the path of least resistance.
You ‘can’ charge higher prices. You ‘can’ use 7, 9’s and angel numbers.
It’s more likely to divert you from the path than keep you on it.
Creativity is better deployed into your products and clients.
You earn the right to experiment after you have followed the simple path.
The Sequence - The Order of Events Matters
To hit $1m, it is critical we attack it in the right order.
The common approach is to work ‘forwards’ from marketing to sales to offer.
This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage.
The best way to hit a goal is not to work towards it, it’s to work backwards from it.
Working forwards is chaotic because there are so many potential variables.
Working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage.
Over a long enough time period, both approaches get you to the goal, but working backwards gets you there faster and with more certainty.

Broken down we work in this order:
1. Create and validate $3k Offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc 2. Create and sell Customer Offer that converts 5% of buyers into Clients 3. Automate lead flow and Customer Offer and ascend Customers into Clients weekly
We go from making $3k to $3k a week to $3k a day.
We use 3 systems to do this:
1. The Hybrid Offer™ 2. Customers to Clients™ 3. The Daily Client Machine™
Each of these systems solve for a specific stage.
Mastering one before moving to the next one is the pace.
Skipping steps is not speed, it’s skipping steps.
Mastery in this sequence compounds.
The better your Hybrid Offer the more Clients you convert. The better your Customers to Clients system the more Customers AND Clients you generate. The better your Daily Client Machine the more Leads turn into Customers who turn into Clients. Compounding in action.
The Hybrid Offer™
Traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for specific durations.
While it is ‘simple’, it is closer to easy than simple.
This is why the majority use it, it’s easier to leave money on the table than work out how to take it off in a simple manner.

The Hybrid addresses this by selling across the range of prices and times with a single offer.
Simplicity is having ONE OFFER.
There is a useful distinction between offers and products that is rarely made.
Hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it.
We sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration.
Why People Buy
There are Four Core Reasons people buy help:
Make more money ● Save money ● Stay legal ● Live a better life
You only solve for one Core.
All other benefits are exactly that, benefits.
The difference between two companies:
Help business owners build business systems to free up time so they can make
more money (better life)
Help business owners build business systems to make more money so they can
have more time (more money)
Both businesses ‘do’ the same thing.
Yet both companies will attract a very different type of customer.
If you offer both as your core benefit both you and your client will be confused.
Personally I solve for making money.

Stemming from on of my core beliefs that true freedom is downstream from financial freedom.
The benefits that come along with working with me, and the way I make it, keep people around but they are attracted to the core idea of making money first..
Validating Your Market
1. Which one of these four things are you solving for your customer? 2. What is the main problem you are solving? 3. How does this problem show up in people’s lives? 4. Are they aware this problem exists? 5. In what way are people trying to solve this problem right now?
These questions are an exercise in understanding, not a test.
Any confusion around your Core reason bleeds out into your offer creation and marketing.
What’s your Core?
Stacking Your Client Offers
The Stack
Before we can create great products we must be clear on what we do for others and how.
Modalities and Strategy Matching
Fixation on the identity of these labels distorts value creation.
Seeing them as simple modalities allows creativity to match the principles.
The principles can be present in all these modalities.
Coaching - Helping people discover the answer inside them.
Consulting - Giving someone the answer.

Mentorship - Showing someone how I would do it
What I put into practice:
I create for my community, I coach on the weekly calls, I consult on Slack and I mentor on Zoom. I curate and demonstrate these actions to pull more people towards me who might benefit from these actions.
You can sell each modality individually or bundle them up together into products.
I am showing you this to demonstrate the potential in this model.
We are going to use the simplest Stack with two products to start:

A Community product and a Consulting product.
These stack in the sense that a Consulting client gets the Community product included.
Constructing Your Products
Construction of a product is simply:
What’s in it and how long is it
What’s In It
Delivery has 3 components:
Content, Community and Customisation.
Under the Hybrid Model we provide everything someone needs to get the promised result.
The simplest model looks like this:

Those who wish to go faster, or have a higher level of access, opt for Tier 2 while getting everything in Tier 1.
You include only what is required for them to get them the Core result.
Permitted changes to delivery:
Tier 2 can include Done For You components, your existing coaching program or packages of hours.
The key is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the Community level.
How long is it
Your community offer is 12 months.
We get into the nuance of how to sell this next but laying out a plan allows us to maximise lifetime value on a pathway that makes sense to the prospect.
Offer Creation Using The 3 P’s
These are 3 principles to get you started with offer construction:
1/ Promise and Plan Drive The Offer
The offer lives and dies on the first page. Actually, the first 3 paragraphs. Get these right and the offer sells itself.
Clearly articulating the Promise of what gets done and the Plan of how it rolls out allows the prospect to 'see' the future if they commit to buying.
This is distinct from the logistics of how and when the offer is delivered.
No one cares how many calls there or how much coaching they get until they are committed to the result that the Promise and Plan describe.
Match this to the ‘right’ price and you are 80% there in having a high converting offer.
Promise
What gets done?

What can you point at? ● Can you describe what they will see show up in their lives if they commit? ● Can you articulate in words their deepest desires better than they can? ● Bonus: What arent they going to do and what negatives downsides are you helping the avoid?
Plan
What happens first? ● What happens next? ● What happens after that? ● Have you painted a clear picture of how the next few days and weeks look like and what they will see show up? (future pacing)
Clear beat’s cute. Name and brand your systems but don’t overdo it.
Price
● Have you made it easy to get started? ● Does your price factor in the cost of inaction?
Is there a clear ROI?
No one wants to watch 54 videos and attend 10 hours of calls a week.
More offers fail because they are indigestible than lean.
Telling people whats IN it is more likely to kill demand than enhance it.
Examples:
Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc.
We use a Google Doc as it is fast to create, share and modify.
It is most useful to demonstrate via examples:

Syndicate Member Example:
The Syndicate Example
Offer conversion rate of 32% ● Average client value 121% above entry price ● Chosen to make no guarantees or promises
December 2023: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L0n2n_YYd8fPgYyqvHqPo6B-4p2UPkTk2Iy8Q5t 984c/edit?usp=sharing
Your 3k Hybrid Offer Template
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uDWMbdc8Lb1sqFDGcc-6Lq5b-mSKY3kLWeNFEy_L5X Y/edit?usp=sharing (make a copy)

The Sovereign Consultant - The Simplest Path to $1m
The Sovereign Path
The model you choose dictates how you spend your time, energy and the results you ultimately generate for yourself and others.
If it’s not the biggest decision you make, it’s close.
The Sovereign is a model for now.
Intentional, lean and flexible.
It’s less about building a business and more about building a life that a business feeds.
The Space Strategy is attractive because it’s tangible and can offer the lowest cognitive load. It’s simply a series of tasks. Purely operating at a strategic level will be highly volatile and exhausting as the rate of change is high. High rates of change induce high rates of anxiety.
Anxiety is destructive for life and business.
Principles require thought and consistency. They can guide strategy and lower the volatility as they evolve more than change.
Philosophy has the lowest rate of change. It morphs and evolves but the fundamental beliefs change very, very slowly.
Your personal philosophy is the strongest platform to build on.

Show me your calendar and it will tell me what is important to you.
Without a personal philosophy, an approach to life, you will be blown about by the whims of change.
It’s easy to say a certain thing is important to you but how you spend your time actually demonstrates what is important to you.

To live intentionally and live what’s truly important to me I must create time to feel, think and create.
Time and Values Constraints:
Have dinner with my children everyday ● See my kids before they leave the house everyday ● Move everyday
Translates to:
Non-negotiables - daily exercise, date night, family dinner together ● Essentials - client group call weekly ● Flow - Calls only on Tues and Thu Mornings
The Sovereign World has very, very high rates of leverage.
All inputs are intentional and it does not require much time to ‘run’.
But the space is where you and

The Blueprint

Template Download Link: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/knh22051st9d9ots3dpll/The-Sovereign-Blueprint-Templates.key? rlkey=dkv284vwt2p8zis9qapyy95to&dl=0

The Sequence
The common approach is to work ‘forwards’ from marketing to sales to offer.
This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage.
The best way to hit a goal is not to work towards it, it’s to work backwards from it.
Working forwards is chaotic because there are so many potential variables.
Working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage.
Over a long enough time period, both approaches get you to the goal, but working backwards gets you there faster and with more certainty.
At a strategic level, we work in this order:
1. Create and validate $3k Offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc 2. Create and sell Customer Offer that converts 5% of buyers into Clients 3. Promote Customer Offer and ascend Customers into Clients weekly

4. Automate lead flow and Customer sales and stack recurring revenue that compounds
into $3k per day
We go from making $3k to $3k a week to $3k a day.
We use 3 systems to do this:
1. The Hybrid Offer™ to generate $3k 2. Customers to Clients™ to generate $3k a week and per day 3. The Daily Client Machine™to generate $3k per day recurring
Each of these systems solve for a specific stage.
Mastering one before moving to the next one is the pace.
The Sovereign Brand
Size does not matter.
There is no audience too small to get traction quickly.
Actually, the smaller the better in the beginning.
The myth of needing big followings and a huge track record are just that. Myths. Sold by people
who have big followings and gate keep via experience.
You need to have solved one problem once for yourself or someone else and know how to solve
it again.
Nothing more.
A brand is the thing people say about you when you're not there.
You live rent free in someone's head and they associate you with ideas and imagery.
The end point of a brand is to promote action.
When your brand consistently sells someone on ideas and imagery it is very easy to get them to
take action.
It's the natural next step.
The ideal brand does all the selling needed.
Then when an offer is made it's the natural next step.
Creating a brand like this is not easy but it is simple.
There's 3 components:

The World you build, The Identity you craft and the Mechanisms you use.
Inside the World you build there are characters, settings, language and story lines. When a
world is in motion people can't help but pay attention.
The Identity is the one you represent yourself and the characteristics of who someone becomes
when they are inside your world. The transition and transformation of the human into their
ideals.
The Mechanisms are the way to get there. The map and the terrain of what must done for the
World to come to life and for The Identity to be manifested.
A brand can be successful with just one of these components, the best ones have all 3.
In order of fastest to slowest in terms of ROI:
1) Define and Sell Your Mechanism

The way you get results.
The only defining characteristic of your mechanism is that it needs to be unique.
It matters much more that it’s yours than what it does.
The underlying mechanism must work.
The underlying mechanism does not need to be yours.
But it must be positioned as unique and sprinkled with unique twists:
The Daily Client Machine = Lead magnet with a self liquidating offer Customers to Clients = low ticket workshops with an offer The Hybrid Offer = selling via doc
I invented none of these things. I just innovated on them and own the mechanism around them.
You don’t need many. One will do.
2) Craft An Aspirational Identity
Identity manifests from a core question:
Who does someone become when they commit to your world?
What ideal characteristics do they attain on an individual and societal level.
If we see our identity is a transaction with society then we can use currencies to define it.

Money. Time. Energy.
Universally valuable currencies.
Crafting an Identity steers people through ideas towards offers.
Selling them on who they can become if they come inside.
There are layers of specificity here.
If you use concepts that you can point at then the ideas are stickier.

3) Build A World
World building is the demonstration and dramatization of the world you live in.
It’s an abstraction to varying degrees of your reality.
How much of an abstraction is personal preference.
If you get too far away from reality then you are playing a character which can be exhausting for many.
There must be some substance behind the world otherwise it is a fairy tale and fairy tales always end.
The core components of World building are:

Characters - Who inhabits your world ● Language - What unique or distinguishing language is used (ideally crosses over with mechanisms)
Places - The locations and environments that it takes place in
The world is communicated through:
Story Lines - consistently communicated open loops ● Memes - consistently communicated ideas
My Characters: The Brazilian, Mr 13, Miss 7, The Cat, The Dog.
My Language: Customers, Clients
My Places: Bali, Planes, The Villa
My Story Lines: Simplifying after separation, solo Dad, road to $3m
My Memes: Oat milk, Atomic Habits

The Sovereign Stack
We’ve setup the platform.
Now we need offers to monetise and deliver.

The Sovereign Stack
We’ve setup the platform.
Now we need offers to monetise and deliver.

This is an offer driven model.
To generate a client we can break it into phases:
Lead = Someone we’ve earned the right to communicate with Customer = Someone who has transacted with us Client = Someone we commit time/resources to
To obtain a client efficiently we must demonstrate competence at each stage. People can skip any of these steps. Eg a lead can quickly become a client, but this is the exception rather than the rule.
For a client to ascend and identify themselves we must understand intent and desire.
The fastest way to understand intent and desire is to initiate a transaction.
IE Get someone to give you money.
For someone to give you money you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something they desire.
Zooming in to The Blueprint:

My example for reference:
The Core
There are Four Core Reasons people buy help:

My example for reference:
The Core
There are Four Core Reasons people buy help:

Make more money ● Save money ● Stay legal ● Live a better life
You only solve for one Core.
All other benefits are exactly that, benefits.
Personally I solve for making money.
Stemming from one of my core beliefs that true freedom is downstream from financial freedom.
The benefits that come along with working with me, and the way I make it, keep people around but they are attracted to the core idea of making money first..
Validating Your Market
1. Which one of these four things are you solving for your customer? 2. What is the main problem you are solving? 3. How does this problem show up in people’s lives? 4. Are they aware this problem exists? 5. In what way are people trying to solve this problem right now?
These questions are an exercise in understanding, not a test.
Any confusion around your Core reason bleeds out into your offer creation and marketing.
The Maths
To get to $1m in one year, you need to average $83,333 revenue every month.
You have two tiers in your Client Offer - Tier 1 Community and Tier 2 Consulting.
15 Tier 2 Clients @ an average of $600 per week = $38,700
50 Tier 1 Clients @ an average of $150 per week = $32,250
65 Clients generates $70,950 of recurring monthly revenue.
This requires signing just 1.25 clients per week.

Sell 30 Customer Offers at $100 per week and generate $12,900 per month.
$83,850 every month.
Only 4% of your Customers need to convert to Clients to hit your numbers.
We choose pricing that maximises conversions and economics.
I have 5 years of data behind this and I’m giving you the shortcut:
Community offers at $100-$200 per week and a $3k PIF work the widest range of markets.
Consulting offers at $300-$600 sell to the right people in the right ratios.
$100 Customer Offers convert 5-15% of buyers into Clients
The Hybrid Offer™
Traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for specific durations.
While it is ‘simple’, it is closer to easy than simple.
This is why the majority use it, it’s easier to leave money on the table than work out how to take it off in a simple manner.
The Hybrid addresses this by selling across the range of prices and times with a single offer.
Simplicity is having ONE OFFER.
There is a useful distinction between offers and products that is rarely made.
Hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it.
We sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration.
Those who wish to go faster, or have a higher level of access, opt for Consulting or Mentorship while getting everything in Tier 1.
You include only what is required for them to get them the Core result.

The key is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the Community level.
Your community offer is 12 months.
We get into the nuance of how to sell this next but laying out a plan allows us to maximise lifetime value on a pathway that makes sense to the prospect.
Offer Creation Using The 3 P’s
These are 3 principles to get you started with offer construction:
1/ Promise and Plan Drive The Offer
The offer lives and dies on the first page. Actually, the first 3 paragraphs. Get these right and the offer sells itself.
Clearly articulating the Promise of what gets done and the Plan of how it rolls out allows the prospect to 'see' the future if they commit to buying.
This is distinct from the logistics of how and when the offer is delivered.
No one cares how many calls there or how much coaching they get until they are committed to the result that the Promise and Plan describe.
Match this to the ‘right’ price and you are 80% there in having a high converting offer.
Promise
What gets done? ● What can you point at? ● Can you describe what they will see show up in their lives if they commit? ● Can you articulate in words their deepest desires better than they can? ● Bonus: What arent they going to do and what negatives downsides are you helping the avoid?
Plan
What happens first? ● What happens next? ● What happens after that? ● Have you painted a clear picture of how the next few days and weeks look like and what they will see show up? (future pacing)
Clear beat’s cute. Name and brand your systems but don’t overdo it.
Price

The Menu
Growing your Community and Consulting via the Hybrid Offer is your focus for building long term value.
But having a Menu of one off or short term offers helps smooth cashflow and provide access to you during the growth phase.
For me, selling time and events are the simplest, highest value offers I can make.
Many who invest in these end up as long term clients as well.
I also have Off Menu one-to-one, partnerships and licensing that I will invite people into after they have become Clients or bought Menu items.
The Sovereign Sales (Secret)
An offer driven model is driven by….offers.
In the delivery to your Clients you are creating assets that can be used in offers.

This is an exercise in simplicity.
I hold two workshops a month for Clients.
I sell tickets to those workshops and create Customers.
I invite those Customers to become Clients. Offer driven.
I tell people I’m hosting a workshop on a valuable topic and they buy tickets:

Clients are consistently being delivered new and refined content, you build a growing library of training and templates for clients and new joiners to the community have plenty of content to solve for.

It’s the most efficient delivery
The Rhythm
Alternating between opening the community one week and selling tickets to a workshop the next can give you a very long runway before requiring structured lead generation.
If you setup a solid Sovereign Brand from the beginning, your audience will grow consistently in the course of this promotional rhythm.
The Steps

There are plenty of variables inside these steps but they are the steps:
1. Commit to what’s important to you by intentionally setting up your time 2. Create a unique mechanism and sell your audience on the idea and results. 3. Create and validate $3k Offer of installing that mechanism by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc.
4. Create and sell Customer Offer that converts 5% of buyers into Clients. 5. Build an Identity that your aspires to become. 6. Promote Customer Offer and ascend Customers into Clients weekly. 7. Create a World that your leads, customers and clients inhabit that is unique to you. 8. Automate lead flow and Customer sales and stack recurring revenue that compounds into $3k per day.