James Kemp: So we're ready for the 3 K. Code.

James Kemp: some more than others.

James Kemp: Welcome to our Hello to the Syndicate people again. Our normal Tuesday morning slot has been hijacked for

James Kemp: me talking to a Google, Doc for

James Kemp: about 40 min.

James Kemp: and then tomorrow again, and then tomorrow. And then when we have a QA. So I've got 2 Q&A's together syndicate people on Thursday.

James Kemp: after we wrap this up. So I'm

James Kemp: we'll be adding

James Kemp: and subtracting and customizing as we go along, and welcome to

James Kemp: welcome to our guests.

James Kemp: so

James Kemp: to get into it, permission to start.

James Kemp: gonna share my screen

James Kemp: and go along.

James Kemp: Voice is a way. But Karkey.

James Kemp: after a bit of travel.

James Kemp: I say, I want to start.

James Kemp: Everyone can see my screen. Good. Everyone can hear me fine

James Kemp: and members, and to get people. Let's go straight into the classroom this afternoon, after. I guess we will give it as

James Kemp: a single replay our first, and then I'll edit it over the next couple of weeks, and you'll have access to that, too.

James Kemp: along with all the resources. So anything I show you today you get access to.

James Kemp: So the 3 K code white people buy. So today is all about, I'm going to give you context. But today is all about assembling, crafting, and delivering a high, converting hybrid offer

James Kemp: and I want the theme of all of this. We need the theme of all of this to make it simple.

James Kemp: because everybody

James Kemp: fucks it up when they get complicated when they think they are an exception, or you're looking for reasons why. And most of those are

James Kemp: emotional and getting in the way.

James Kemp: Because the 3. The 3 code is meant to be a prescription.

James Kemp: So when we assemble that as a formula. so I do give variables.

James Kemp: and you know, in the Q. And A. Afterwards we will talk about your specific variables, and I teach you how to think along the journey. But results will flow from following the prescription. So my job's to give you the prescription.

James Kemp: And this formula is designed to be tight and minimal. I do not spend a lot of time or much really, or paying lip service to mindset or blockers, or particular reasons why it won't work or or will work.

James Kemp: It fails if you try and look for complexity or more. Okay.

James Kemp: because your job is assemble tests learn in a record. and all results

James Kemp: in business happen in the marketplace. It doesn't happen in the consumption of ideas. And we all love ideas. We all love insight. We all love learning new things and gaining new insights because we get that little hit, and it feels exciting. But most people get in their own way

James Kemp: to prevent themselves getting in the game. All the mine stuff of why, it won't work for me, or I'm an exceptional these pieces, but I can give you the formula.

James Kemp: but you must mix the potion and apply it.

James Kemp: The most difficult thing about working with me is I break it down into the simple bits that people don't like, because then it becomes unavoidable that you actually have to do something with it.

James Kemp: So this is a a prescription and a formula. but it's up to you to actually apply it. So

James Kemp: the system we use. And there's some essential stages of evolution as we go into a marketplace. So to generate a client, we can simply break it into phases. We can have a lead. So someone within the right to communicate with a customer someone who's transacted with us or a client, someone who we commit time resources to.

James Kemp: And these distinctions are very useful and important, because they allow us to design for those particular stages.

James Kemp: and then we can break it down, because, to obtain a client efficiently. Most demonstrate confidence in each stage. So people can skip any of these stages. Someone can become a lead and quickly become a client. But this is an exception rather than the rule.

James Kemp: Daniel, yesterday who was we were talking about? The send to get back and forth is like.

James Kemp: Hey, I like this. You can try before you buy, and that is exactly the frame of a customer versus a client. This is an interaction. Does he like it? What what's it gonna do? What does it work? Let's have a look under the hood to see how it feels, etc., etc.

James Kemp: So for a client to ascend and identify themselves. We must understand intent and desire. And the fastest way to understand intent is desire and initiate a transaction like, get someone to give you money

James Kemp: right? Because behind that is some intent and a single signal of desire. So for someone to give you money, you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something to desire.

James Kemp: So the system we are building

James Kemp: is just this blueprint.

James Kemp: We have

James Kemp: 2 levels of client offer. We have at most a couple of customer offers.

James Kemp: And then we have a big idea, and that sequence is very important.

James Kemp: And it's very distinct in terms of how we're going to work through.

James Kemp: So for clients, we have a community offer and one upgrade option

James Kemp: for customers. We have one-time products to generate, customers in cash flow. And ultimately this model is offer-driven.

James Kemp: So we get leads. We turn them into customers, and we turn those customers into clients

James Kemp: like it's nothing more difficult than that. But you know simple and easier different things.

James Kemp: And this is the model I use because I aim to do as little selling and marketing as possible.

James Kemp: I just want to demonstrate and make offers.

James Kemp: This is the thing that works for me is how it could work for you. Do you want some help doing it.

James Kemp: and that is available to everybody. So, working backwards, I want to create highly valuable long-term relationships and to find those I create clients and help them generate value.

James Kemp: to find clients. I generate customers to understand their intent, and to find customers, and demonstrate my ideas, to earn attention and trust. If we approach everything as an offer, whether it's free or paid, it helps construct the most efficient ecosystem possible.

James Kemp: So if I can leave you with one thing is teaching you how to think about making offers. You'll have a highly efficient, highly lucrative, highly fun business.

James Kemp: because it will. People will find their natural place

James Kemp: because clients are not created equal and power laws apply. You know the majority of the market are

James Kemp: in pain and have a problem and are relatively opportunity unaware.

James Kemp: The the majority of the market will be down there where they'll spend, you know, up to, you know, a few $100 with you at the most, and never go from there.

James Kemp: There's a portion of the market that are problem aware, but solution unaware.

James Kemp: They know they don't have enough leads. They know they don't have enough dates. They know they are overweight, but they don't know which path to choose to solve. Those get out of that pain and solve those problems right? There are lots of solutions in front of them.

James Kemp: you know, and our and our goal is to educate them about our solution. So they have the opportunity to

James Kemp: evolve

James Kemp: and ascend.

James Kemp: And then there's the core. There's solution aware and desire results. Those are the people that we have as clients.

James Kemp: So they spend much larger amounts. They stay for a lot longer because they are

James Kemp: very problem, aware of what they need to solve.

James Kemp: And you help them become problem aware. and the very solution, aware that they're aligned with your particular solution.

James Kemp: And then there's a transformation. You know. I've had clients and partners and relationships that that span a decade or more right. They are very, very few people in the marketplace to do that. These are the people that you know my world a license I mentor, I partner with them. I have Equity or Jvs or these people.

James Kemp: But when you understand power laws in the marketplace, it removes a lot of fear and a lot of scarcity, and just understanding that not everybody is going to move to the next stage. Not everybody

James Kemp: should move to the next stage and come into your inner circle. And the piece about the the primary thing about running the highly efficient offer driven business

James Kemp: is that it's not for everybody, and people are always at the right stage.

James Kemp: What I can say is, there are people in your audience and leads and customers that will happily pay you 50 times what others will. You just need the right offer to enable them to do so?

James Kemp: So in a power and a power law offer driven environment. We're making offers. And we when people settle where they settle.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: that's fine in terms of the you know, the philosophy and the theory. But how do we actually do it? So

James Kemp: we're going to plot a straight line to a million dollars. And we're going to work

James Kemp: along 2 dimensions. The first one is the order of work that we have to do, and the second one is the order of application that people must go through to actually get there.

James Kemp: So pricing is both an art and a science.

James Kemp: To get to a million in one year, you need to average $83,333 in revenue every month. You have 2 tiers and your client offer.

James Kemp: and I'm throwing a lot of lingo at you. Don't forget you get this document, and you can decipher these, that as you go along, a lot of you send it to folks will be familiar, I guess less so.

James Kemp: but that you have 2 tiers in your client offer. You have a tier one. You have a community offer. and on tier 2 you have consulting.

James Kemp: If you have 15 tier, 2 clients, an average 600 bucks a week that generates just over 38 grand a month.

James Kemp: If you have 50 tier, one clients on average, a hundred $50 a week

James Kemp: that generates 32,000 in revenue.

James Kemp: So your total monthly revenue. at 70,000 from clients just requires signing 1.2 5 clients per week. So when you break it down, it's not that scary. If you sell 30 customer offers at a hundred dollars a week.

James Kemp: and Gen. You generate another almost 13 grand.

James Kemp: and you're over that number only 4%. Of your customers need to convert to clients to hit your numbers

James Kemp: in my world. That's between 11 or 15. So 11 and 15% of people who buy my customer office end up becoming clients to some degree.

James Kemp: So we choose pricing that maximizes conversions and economics.

James Kemp: And

James Kemp: I debated this like, shall I give you ranges? Shall I, then? And I'm just gonna give you

James Kemp: the numbers if that's okay with you. Because I got 5 years of data behind this, and I'm just going to give you the shortcut.

James Kemp: So a community offer

James Kemp: at one to $200 a week and a 3 K. Paid in full for the year. We'll work with the widest range of markets.

James Kemp: I've seen that work over and over and over again in multiple markets and multiple vertical calls and multiple categories, multiple affordability. B, 2 BB to C,

James Kemp: and consulting offers at 3 to 600. Sell to the right people in the right ratios.

James Kemp: you know. So those people who want more help from you personally

James Kemp: that sells in the right ratios again, in multiple markets.

James Kemp: multiple modalities and multiple verticals.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: if your $100 customer offer converts 5 5 to 15 cent of bias into clients.

James Kemp: This is the path of least resistance.

James Kemp: So if it's okay with you, we got some pricing.

James Kemp: You can charge higher prices.

James Kemp: You can use sevens and nines and angel numbers, and it's more likely to divert you from the path and keep you on it.

James Kemp: because the creativity is better better deployed into products into your clients.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: let's stick to the prescription, and then you can experiment after you follow the simple path.

James Kemp: So to hit a million. It is critical. We attack in the right order. So this is what we are doing together over the next 3 days.

James Kemp: So the common approach is to work forwards from marketing to sales, to offer like people go I. If I generate leads, then therefore I should.

James Kemp: This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage is. there's literally hundreds of posts, hundreds of ads. You can run hundreds of variables on the front ends

James Kemp: that you need to find the one or 2 that actually works.

James Kemp: So if you start with hundreds of variables, and then there's 20 different ways to sell it. Then you need to decipher all those variables, and most people fail

James Kemp: because they're being sold to by marketers whose default choice is marketing.

James Kemp: and the best way to head a goal is not to work towards it is to work backwards from it

James Kemp: because working fords is chaotic because there's so many potential variables, there's hundreds of ways to market and lot of them work. There's hundreds of ways to sell and a lot of them work.

James Kemp: But working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage.

James Kemp: because over a long enough time period and everybody's tried that we all have both approaches, get you to the goal, but working backwards, gets you there faster and with more certainty.

James Kemp: So we're going to do 3 things

James Kemp: we're going to create and validate a threek offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc. And that's what we're going to focus on today.

James Kemp: We're going to create and sell a customer offer that converts 5% of its buyers into clients for you

James Kemp: in that offer that we've just defined.

James Kemp: Then we're going to automate the lead flow and the customer offer and Nsn. Customers into clients every week.

James Kemp: So we go from making 3 K. And validating that to 3 KA week to 3 KA day.

James Kemp: So we use 3 systems to do this. The hybrid offer

James Kemp: which I'll talk about today, customers to clients and the daily client machine.

James Kemp: The sequence is very, very, very, very important. because each of these systems solve for a specific stage. and we've got a master one before moving to the next one.

James Kemp: and that's the right pace.

James Kemp: Right? You may be at different stages, and everybody here is at different stages of the current offer of the marketing of the flow.

James Kemp: But skipping steps is not speed. I constantly go back and reevaluate my offer based on feedback.

James Kemp: One of the reasons that we use Google Docs is because it's dynamic, right? You can put it on the sales page. And those things later. Once you have something that converts at 30 to 40,

James Kemp: but it's dynamic. I'm tweaking words. I'm tweaking, positioning all the time.

James Kemp: so skipping steps is not speed. It sometimes feels like it. I can just jump straight to marketing. I need more leads, so I can just jump jump to that. But it's just skipping steps.

James Kemp: So mastery and the sequence compounds. The better your hybrid offer. The more clients you convert. the better your customers to client system, the more customers and clients you generate. and the better your daily client machine, the more leads turn into customers who turn into clients and and it compounds in action.

James Kemp: Right? So the sequence is really really important.

James Kemp: and syndicate folks know that I just bang on about offers all the time, because it's the big fulcrum. It's the big lever

James Kemp: the better your offer the easier everything is the better your offer you don't need to do my selling at all. You just do some invitations the better. Offer the faster your marketing works out of the gate. If you, if you're writing, marketing and messaging organically, or if you move to ads and then add start working, it doesn't add to just amplification of good content. But good content is created from good messaging, which is, which is created from good office.

James Kemp: So I need you to understand the sequence, because the sequence is what delays most people because they work front to back, whereas we were back to front.

James Kemp: So let's get into the hybrid offer.

James Kemp: So traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for durations.

James Kemp: It's simple, but it's just easier than simple. That's why the majority use it right? So the hybrid addresses this by selling a rock across a range of prices and times with a single offer.

James Kemp: Simplicity is having one offer. and you only need one offer.

James Kemp: and there is a useful distinction between offers and products is really made. You need a lot of ways to make the offer.

James Kemp: But you don't need many products, and you don't need many actual offers. So hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it. So we sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration.

James Kemp: Before we get to that

James Kemp: we've got to define. Why, people buy, you know. And again, the more variables that you insert here, the longer it takes to get results.

James Kemp: But there are 4 core reasons. People buy help

James Kemp: to make more money to save money, to stay legal or live a better life.

James Kemp: you know, and the majority of people that sit in the make more money all have a better life. Kind of buckets

James Kemp: stay legal as compliance, and some of those and some of those are real blue oceans because people really need them. You know, and save money is a different market altogether. But saving money can be a you know, a core benefit of people who often save people. Time

James Kemp: you only solve for one core

James Kemp: and all the other benefits that are are exactly that they are benefits.

James Kemp: So there's a huge difference between these 2 businesses. You help business owners build systems free up time so they can make more money. You help business owners build systems to make more money, so they can have more time.

James Kemp: Both businesses do the same thing.

James Kemp: The functional things they do but are the same. Yet both companies will attract a very different type of customer.

James Kemp: because one is seeking a better life. and it's in a different stage usually, and one is seeking more money.

James Kemp: And if you offer both

James Kemp: as your core benefit. Both you and your client will be confused.

James Kemp: and we see this all the time. That direct, that getting away from the core and talking about all the benefits.

James Kemp: confuses you and actually confuses the market. Right? So personally, I solve for making money.

James Kemp: and the stem of that is from one of my core beliefs that true freedom is downstream from from financial freedom.

James Kemp: So the core piece about me and my orientation towards the market is making money.

James Kemp: All the benefits come around that

James Kemp: because the benefits that come along with working with me and the way I make it, and you know the philosophy

James Kemp: they keep people around, but they are attracted to the core idea of making money first, which stems from the core belief that true freedom is downstream for financial freedom.

James Kemp: So to understand and define your core.

James Kemp: you need to go a layer deeper on yourself and say, What do you actually belief? What are some of the core beliefs that you build from.

James Kemp: because most people try and build from all their core beliefs, and then just assemble this confusing piece of like, well, what do you actually stand for?

James Kemp: But when you have a core

James Kemp: promise and a core orientation towards the market.

James Kemp: and you solve for one core.

James Kemp: it's a massive, massive shortcut in terms of the clarity that the market receives you. So the benefits are there. But you solve for one core

James Kemp: so validating your market, and these are these are not a test, they are an exercise and understanding. If you go through this and you are blocked and unable to do this, then it's an indicator that there is confusion inside you that bleeds out into the market.

James Kemp: So which one of these 4 things are you solving for for your customer?

James Kemp: What is the main problem you are solving?

James Kemp: How does this problem show up in people's lives? Are they even aware that that problem exists? And in what way are people trying to solve this problem? Now.

James Kemp: again, it's an exercise. If you can't define this or you are blocked and doing it, then it's an indicator that you have multiple things going on, that you're trying to be all things to all people in the marketplace.

James Kemp: You can be all things.

James Kemp: But you must choose one core at a time, as you orientate towards the market, and your core piece can evolve and change.

James Kemp: and it does naturally.

James Kemp: But there must be a core there, otherwise you will be confused, and if you are confused the market is confused.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: that's the piece that takes some time as well, because that's a distillation piece. So you must strip back to

James Kemp: for call for reasons.

James Kemp: what's your core.

James Kemp: So when we approach a product and offer.

James Kemp: we must be clear on what we do for others, and how. And this is a useful distinction. I'm using the word consulting here in a one on one context.

James Kemp: But the modalities are important, and the fixation on the identity of this labels distorts value creation.

James Kemp: so, seeing them as simple modalities, allows the creativity to match the principles. So these are my definitions, coaching, helping people discover the answer inside them.

James Kemp: Coaches help integrate

James Kemp: consulting, giving people the answer.

James Kemp: consultants help execute mentorship showing someone how I would do it. And

James Kemp: this is what I put into practice just for some context here. And this is a demonstration. Again.

James Kemp: I create from my community. I coach on the weekly calls I consult on Slack, and I mentor on Zoom.

James Kemp: and I curate and demonstrate these actions to pull more people towards me who might benefit.

James Kemp: and you can sell each modality individually, or bundle, bundle them together into products.

James Kemp: So there was a snapshot of

James Kemp: you know what my stack looked like. Recently I have the syndicate I have slack coaching on top. I have zoom mentorship. You can buy consulting hours. I have deep dives that are virtual or in person.

James Kemp: And I'm showing you the potential.

James Kemp: I'm demonstrating this as the model right. But we are going to use the simplest stack with 2 products. To start

James Kemp: right, we're going to have a community, and we're going to have a consulting product on top.

James Kemp: If you want to call the consulting coaching. That is fine. I won't get in. I will argue semantics all day long, but I won't get into the semantics here because I'm just going to give you the way to do it rather than getting to quote app and and what it is.

James Kemp: So these stack, in the sense that a consulting client gets the community product included.

James Kemp: And the construction of product is simply this. what's in it? And how long is it right? So delivery has 3 components, it has content. It has community and customization.

James Kemp: So under the hybrid model, we provide everything someone needs to get the promised result. And the simplest model looks like this. This is what you should have. and your product

James Kemp: and your 2 products.

James Kemp: a training portal. So that's

James Kemp: how to do stuff training templates anything they need to get the promised result.

James Kemp: a community I use school. You can use Facebook groups

James Kemp: genuinely, don't care. Just have a community for your people that gets together, and a low friction way for them to be supported and be together.

James Kemp: The tier one community offer you have at least one group call and the syndicate we have 2,

James Kemp: and on your tier 2 consulting offer you have one on one calls

James Kemp: again. I'm giving you the prescription. This is the simple way to do it.

James Kemp: If you wish to go fast. If people who wish to go faster or have a high level of access off for tier 2, or getting everything in tier one.

James Kemp: and you include only what is required to get them. The core result. So there are some permitted changes for delivering. you can introduce, done for you components which many of you do.

James Kemp: your existing coaching program or packages of hours. We have a couple of people here super successfully selling 100 community offer.

James Kemp: and then selling bundles of our hours over and above, and making thousands of dollars a month to selling their time, or having an easy offer to sell to the marketplace is very scalable. so the only key

James Kemp: is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the community level, because the community level is relatively constrained. You know, we can make 100 to 150 to $200 a week in terms of total client value, you know, and $3,000 a year if we're doing a pay and full option for that. So it's relatively constrained. So we must find those people to expand their economics.

James Kemp: and the people who are higher up the power law ladder, who want to go faster. Some people just want one on one help and customization.

James Kemp: The second piece with the product is, how long is it?

James Kemp: Again, being prescriptive? Your community offer is 12 months.

James Kemp: Okay, so we get to the nuance of how to sell this. But the plan allows us to maximize lifetime value on a path pathway that makes sense to the prospect.

James Kemp: So that's the product piece.

James Kemp: And a lot of people labor this and get caught up. And I need to include a lot of stuff

James Kemp: most products

James Kemp: die.

James Kemp: Add indigestion like they're just hard to consume, and there's too much stuff in them. And that's

James Kemp: I've kept that simple on purpose, and that's the that's again, the part that people want to add complexity to, because they think they should include a lot of stuff. Or they look at other people, including a lot of stuff

James Kemp: when all you need is content, community and customisation.

James Kemp: So that's the product. And the offer is the wrapper around it.

James Kemp: So the promise and the plan drive the offer.

James Kemp: The offer lives and dies on the first page. And when we get to the Google Doc and some examples

James Kemp: it actually desired, it actually lives and dies in the first 3 paragraphs.

James Kemp: So if you get these right, the offer sells itself

James Kemp: clearly, articulating the promise of what gets done, and the plan of how it rolls out allows people to see the future before they commit to buying.

James Kemp: This is very distinct of the logistics of how and when everything is delivered like what's in it. No one really cares how many calls there are, or how much coaching they get until they're committed to the result.

James Kemp: Right? That is pure logistics, and many offers and products are just jammed up with all the stuff

James Kemp: that's in them.

James Kemp: So match this to the right price, and you are 80% there and having a high converting offer.

James Kemp: One of the

James Kemp: secrets that how I get fast results with people is distilling down into that first page of the offer.

James Kemp: You have a great offer.

James Kemp: and you know, up to 10 million dollars. Now the business is the offer. That is, the may drive a performance. So I'm distilling down the primary things that make a high performing profitable business.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: what gets done?

James Kemp: And again, this is a important exercise.

James Kemp: What gets done? What can you point at? Can you describe what they will see? Show up in their lives if they commit to working with you? Can you articulate in words their deepest desires even better than they can?

James Kemp: What aren't they going to do, and what negative downsides? Are you helping them avoid?

James Kemp: So what's the plan? What happens first? What happens next? What happens after that?

James Kemp: Have you painted a clear picture

James Kemp: of how the next few days and weeks look like, and what they will see show up. because clear beats, cute

James Kemp: name and brand your systems. But don't go over the top.

James Kemp: and with pricing is there a clear roi? Have you made it easy to get started? And I've done that by giving you the prescriptions of the pricing?

James Kemp: And does your price factor in the cost of inaction? Have you just made it really easy to get started as the primary model? And again. this. I'm laboring this because it's a massive failure point.

James Kemp: No one wants to watch 54 videos and intend 10 h of calls a week the better the client, and actually, the more money they have, the less time they have

James Kemp: right, because more offers fail because they are indigestible rather than Lane

James Kemp: telling people what's in it. you know, all the things they get is more likely to kill demand than enhance it. Again, it's a common failure point that I see in products and offers that people are talking about all the stuff they get.

James Kemp: and in and a desire to overwhelm them with value.

James Kemp: And it's lazy, because if you have a clear promise and a plan, people don't need to know all the value you you deliver, they just need to get, be clear about it, so they can say yes and get started.

James Kemp: So is to get some examples to bring these things together. Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc

James Kemp: syndicate folks, 95% of you should have one right now. So the reason we use a Google Doc as far as it's fast to create

James Kemp: and to share and to modify. And it's most useful to demonstrate

James Kemp: by examples. And I've got a template for you here as well.

James Kemp: so this is an example from Jason and Janine.

James Kemp: and it talks clearly about the promise

James Kemp: and the plan. So the promise is.

James Kemp: do you want support for me, and my incredible, incredible community can install a system that can can

James Kemp: consistently attracts 5 prospects every month, securing at least one high value client every single month on your terms with the visibility you deserve, and without becoming stuck in the frustration of being the best kept secret.

James Kemp: so clearly, clearly, clearly articulates what happens right? It uses numbers. It uses currency to clearly say.

James Kemp: this is what's going to happen. This is what you get, and these are things you can point at

James Kemp: it clearly, says that it's a 12 month program. but then it comes into over the next 6 weeks.

James Kemp: and it talks about the plan will develop your client roadmap so you can. So you are faster.

James Kemp: So your laser focused on who you work with. And more importantly, they'll want to work with you right?

James Kemp: Then we install your product roadmap

James Kemp: very clear. No cuteness. Just the client roadmap, the product roadmap, and then the IP generator system.

James Kemp: So it's a great example

James Kemp: of being very, very clear about the promise and the plan. and again distilling it down and removing any superfluous bits around the core. Right? Everything else in there is a benefit

James Kemp: but the core

James Kemp: clearly clearly articulated in the promise as something desirable, and the plan that future paces people to go through.

James Kemp: This is what sales offers.

James Kemp: If someone is clear that those are the things they want, and they agree with the plan.

James Kemp: they are very, very, very likely to want to get started when the price meets the expectation.

James Kemp: and again the pricing I've given you, you know, will meet the expectation.

James Kemp: So the syndicate, another example. Might, you know, remember, I

James Kemp: say, what I teach, what I do and do what I teach.

James Kemp: So 32% of the people who see the sender get buy it.

James Kemp: The

James Kemp: average client value is 121 above the 121% above the entry price.

James Kemp: That's why we stack offers the it's almost 50% of people in the syndicate who join

James Kemp: by consulting hours from me.

James Kemp: A dozen people have joined the sovereign circle, which is, you know, triple the price. Thanks. In triple the price of the Syndicate.

James Kemp:  We've had 8 people come to Bali, 8 more in January.

James Kemp: 6 people have got deep dives, either you know, in person or in zoom and come. So there are lots of people who are upgraded using the stack and the variant that I run.

James Kemp: But I'm giving you the simplest one. So the syndicate

James Kemp: is specific about what it does.

James Kemp: Again, the promises get him off as pumping out cash with having me crank to the handle myself.

James Kemp: Our goal is building a million dollar sovereign, consulting business with 50 clients or less, with just 3 days a week per per week on the tools.

James Kemp: Then I lay the plan out right.

James Kemp: Everything else is the logistics. and how it unfolds. So

James Kemp: over and over again, if we have the correct promise, and we have the plan that is clearly articulated, then that is what sells the offer

James Kemp: I have. I offer template for you here today. Make a copy for yourself.

James Kemp: and I break down exactly where each of those stases are. So the promise, the plan.

James Kemp: and then the phases as I feature, paste them and the price.

James Kemp: So when you have those things clearly articulated, and that is the work to do.

James Kemp: then your offer converts.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: after this, we need to construct to construct offers.

James Kemp: But at implementation point.

James Kemp: are you clear about your core? It's really important. You get clear about the core?

James Kemp: Have you decided what content community and customization to include?

James Kemp: Again, I've given you the simplest prescription. Does your offer have a promised plan and price with a clear Roi.

James Kemp: that checklist there is going to get you closer to a million dollars than anything else. Right?

James Kemp: You could have all the leads in the world, and you know the best sales patterr than on earth.

James Kemp: But if you're clear about those things, that is the needle mover

James Kemp: in an offer driven business. That is where the leverages.

James Kemp: because you are very, very clear about

James Kemp: the core. Reason that you orientate yourself towards the market.

James Kemp: You're very, very clear about what you deliver. So it's very scalable, and scalability is in delivery, not in the sales and marketing.

James Kemp: And does your offer have a promise to plan and a price with a clear Roi!

James Kemp: So skipping ahead, of course, you've just all written a Google Doc offer in the last 37 min.

James Kemp: and now you have a first draft of an offer inside there.

James Kemp: So your goal should I correct the grammar as I go along? Or is that word. Your goal is to get that offer in front of 10 people and validate it with 3 sales.

James Kemp: So during this time you'll be listening intently to feedback from prospects. The validation phase is about learning that outcome that we want in terms of validation of sales.

James Kemp: but the learning is where people say no when they have objections where they have questions, and for to update the offer.

James Kemp: because it's dynamic again. every time I open the syndicate there's probably one or 2 small tweaks

James Kemp: that offer. So even though I've sold it hundreds of times in different iterations.

James Kemp: I'm always tweaking the offer to get more clarity into it right so to validate. Audit your audience assets.

James Kemp: I do not want to hear that people don't have an audience.

James Kemp: Everybody has an audience. They just have different names for it.

James Kemp: You have a network, you have a reputation.

James Kemp: you have things you have people that you can talk to. that you can validate. So.

James Kemp: clients, you haven't closed in the past once to 2 months. Former clients.

James Kemp: an email database. So do social media messages, your current advertising partners and networks.

James Kemp: 10 people. That's all we want to validate something.

James Kemp: If you can think of the first 2 people that you put, you know, a community and consulting offer in front.

James Kemp: You're you're a couple of, you know, about 5 min of thinking away from getting to the 10.

James Kemp: Everybody has people that they can put office in front of.

James Kemp: In a simple way.

James Kemp: We send them a simple message.

James Kemp: I'm opening the doors for 5 people to work with me to get the promise in

James Kemp: the time it takes.

James Kemp: I've made it easy to get started for $100 a week. Shall I send you the details? So we use the pricing as a hook.

James Kemp: and we start a conversation because the conversation is where it gets the insights.

James Kemp: so create a conversation around. The offer is the promise meaningful to them.

James Kemp: Getting a no is as good as a yes. because if you get a know with the reasons why.

James Kemp: then you get insight into the offer.

James Kemp: you know, this time of year. The no could be a timing. No.

James Kemp: no, this is not right now, so it it gets to a next step.

James Kemp: No's are just as useful and yes, as in a sales process. because it uncovers the next step. We don't accept maybes because maybes don't lead you to a next step, they just leave you in limbo.

James Kemp: So get people to a no

James Kemp: right? Is it a timing thing? Is the price thing? Is it a is it a promise thing? Is it a clear? Is it a clear piece.

James Kemp: a clarity thing? What makes fun? What questions do they ask

James Kemp: again? Clear is kind, clear, is kind to yourself and Clear is kind in office.

James Kemp: What questions do they ask? If your offer is unclear, they will ask questions about it. What questions? Don't they ask?

James Kemp: What's missing from it? Do they actually understand?

James Kemp: And are they feeling the pain? And are they acutely aware of the problem as you made the assumption that they have.

James Kemp: So at the stage of off-value, validation, activity, and action

James Kemp: always trump perfection and procrastination. And a few people again, recently have kindly shared. They're working through of that perfection and procrastination, like constantly tweaking the offer, Doc, and not sending it to people

James Kemp: constantly procrastinating, saying, I don't have enough leads, or it's the wrong time of year. There's always a reason not to do it. So put an action plan in place.

James Kemp: follow up with 5 people every day. Cold, outreach 10 people every day, you know this is easier for some people than others.

James Kemp: Put 3 pieces of content out into the into the world every week to start conversations. Who interacts with those who can you speak to.

James Kemp: like the Internet has removed all excuses of our ability to connect with other people. It has never been easier to connect with other people. We just need to connect and have a conversation in a contextual way.

James Kemp: So create a plan? Who you gonna out, reach out to in the next 14 days? What assets can you utilize to validate sooner rather than later? What daily tasks are non negotiable to have those conversations.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: Conrad message me yesterday, you know, and said. Hey, I've I've got about 20 people that that stopped that stopped at different times of the year that I'm not currently working with.

James Kemp: shall I? We've we've come up with a mastermind offer. Shall I make that offer to them. And I'm like, Yeah, it's a good time to do it. Right. Message 20 people, 3 people in the course of a day converted into a mastermind for multiple thousands of dollars, people that just popped into his head

James Kemp: that he'd stopped working with at a particular time, that he messaged and outreached

James Kemp: because he has an offer that he knows that if he puts it in front of people

James Kemp: it will get them to take action or get them. A no, you know, and a lot of those people will say, no, not right now. Maybe next year I'm doing this in January. Maybe I'll readdress this in march, they'll give them the future.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: it isn't. It is critically important not only to intellectualize and get the insights and creating office fun and the feelings of clarity that you get going through this process

James Kemp: our people can attest to how enjoyable that is when you start to get clear about your offer.

James Kemp: but it only turns into something when the rubber hits the road and actually get it out to other people.

James Kemp: So make a plan and do it.

James Kemp: Who has questions. I'm going to drop the doc

James Kemp: and the template.

julie williams: I have a question, James.

James Kemp: fire away, Julie.

julie williams: Okay, I'm gonna get to the guts of what I feel my hesitation is. And taking this forward. I actually sold my program about 18 months ago, and I'm still running my Physio Pr practice part time.

julie williams: And I used to go straight to mentoring. I wanted to show them exactly in a zoom call. We did a zoom call with this practice in Mt. Waverly.

julie williams: and first of all it was there was. I wanted them to get a an actual client, one of their own clients. It was suffering with whatever usually back pain.

julie williams: and they couldn't do that. They didn't want to do that, and that that's understandable, I suppose, because it's a privacy issue, and all of that. So we use a therapist

which was an ideal.

julie williams: Do I need this context, Julie? Or do you have a question? Yeah. So it was the delivery that I had a problem with, and I committed to that for

julie williams: 6 weeks every an hour, every 6 weeks. and I ended up hiding it. I absolutely hated it.

julie williams: and it put me off of even taking it out.

julie williams: So I'm you know, listening to what you're saying here about and follow up your 5 emails, your cold rich, your 3 pieces of content. And I'm getting nervous about this because I'm I'm worried that it's going to be too much coming at me

julie williams: all at once. And how do I handle that back? End? That delivery that promise, you know, and not muck it up?

julie williams: It's scary for me.

julie williams: So is that a question or or yeah, it's a question, how? How? How do we?

James Kemp: How do you not have fear?

julie williams: How do I? How do I control what might come at me with opening up like this

James Kemp: by being very, very clear about the boundaries that you're delivering on

James Kemp: right? This is the promise. This is the plan. This is how we're going to get there.

James Kemp: This is the access to the training you get. This is the community community that we get. And this is when we're on calls together.

James Kemp: So clear is kind.

julie williams: yeah, okay, I think I probably need some help with setting the boundaries and all of that stuff.

James Kemp: You just need to set them and stick to them. No one can help you with setting your own boundaries.

julie williams: Yeah.

James Kemp: that this. The act of setting the boundaries is.

James Kemp: you know, the act of creating the offer

julie williams: and what you're prepared to do

James Kemp: and what they need.

James Kemp: and lots of those things intercept. Don't intersect in the marketplace, and that's fine.

James Kemp: But it's only what you're prepared to do.

julie williams: Hmm.

julie williams: okay. thanks, Jess.

James Kemp: I like, and I'll and I'll say it again, like.

James Kemp: I'm being really prescriptive today.

James Kemp: And black syndicate folks will get into mindset, you know, and those things all we like and other and other contexts, but.

James Kemp: like the act of doing this.

James Kemp: the active to the construction of it. as

James Kemp: getting it out, getting it out of the way and getting it out there. That's all that matters. You can feel lots of ways about things.

James Kemp: but if you're committed to the outcome that you want for yourself, and you're the outcome that you want for the client. Then only do the things that you want to do.

James Kemp: Emily.

Emily Utter: Hi, I have lots of questions as usual, I did my first workshop today.  I think I had 14 sales. which I guess is all right, considering I have no social media. And I made the offer for the first time, and it was a hot mess. But anyways.

Emily Utter: as you're going through this, what I'm realizing, I think my offer. Promise still isn't clear. I'm in the make more money category. That's what I'm helping them do. But I feel like kind of my

Emily Utter: angle of it. And this might be the problem I'm not sure is kind of like the self expression. Actually love your business like

Emily Utter: what we did in the workshop today was like, explore the different friction points all the things they don't really like in the business. Right?

Emily Utter: So

Emily Utter:  I wrote, I wrote a bunch of notes while you're talking. Can my core offer be? I help you make more money through self-expression? Or is that too nebulous? And people are like fuck that, or I don't care, or whatever

James Kemp: it is, pretty nebulous like, how much money? What does the expression look like?

Emily Utter: Well, so okay, like, for example, I helped a client shift her niche, and then the very first launch of her program. She did a half a million launch, you know, and it's because I helped her do the thing she really wanted to do, instead of the thing she was pretending she wanted to do.

James Kemp: So. The first step that we go through in the plan is aligning you with your

James Kemp: ideal niche that you can freely express yourself to with my Ach system.

Emily Utter: Okay.

Emily Utter:  no such system exists. It's Emily's bullshit meter. Put a Tm on everything, and it's a system, right

Emily Utter: whatever. I think when you mentioned the bleeding confusion I was like, yeah. And I think, too, like, you know, most of the people who bought my workshop. And I'm sure, like the first sales into this community. They're all gonna be people who've worked with me.

Emily Utter: And so I've been banking on the fact that, like they know, my time is worth it. And so I could call it like

Emily Utter: talk to Emily, and I feel like those people would still buy. Maybe that's naive. Maybe I'm being lazy. And I do have my whole. Pdf, I don't know if you're open to looking at it, or I can post it, or whatever. But

James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money.

Emily Utter: But the method is through

James Kemp: self-expression.

Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't like waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money.

James Kemp: just like people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it. Everybody's actually just ashamed of the thing that.

James Kemp: and you give them the permission to go out there and say, no, I want to make.

Emily Utter: Yeah.

James Kemp: I'm unapologetic that making money is like, super important.

Emily Utter: Right?

Emily Utter: Yeah. I guess what I

Emily Utter: I feel like with us talking about it right now. It makes sense. But from a marketing perspective. That's where I'm a little bit like. Because I can, I can make it make sense through storytelling. But that's a lot of words.

James Kemp: Hmm.

Emily Utter: right? Like, I have so many amazing examples

Emily Utter: of where I help clients do this double their revenue, you know. But

Emily Utter: or or maybe maybe that is the promise. I'm like, afraid to promise that, like double your revenue by actually being more self expressed.

James Kemp: And you, you need to demonstrate that over and over again.

Emily Utter: But is that believable?

Emily Utter: Yeah, wait. Who's giving me the thumbs up? Geo. I don't know if I'm saying your name right. Thank you.

Emily Utter: not if you don't believe it, social proof at its finest

Emily Utter: thanks for all the comments guys that helps. Yeah. I mean, I have a lot of questions. Maybe I can post my, you know, my team hated the Google Docs. So we do have it in a Pdf, and it's branded. So could I post that in the syndicate. Whoever's available to give me feedback on it? Because, like, I'd love for you guys to tell me like, why wouldn't you buy, you know

Emily Utter: what's compelling in it? What's stupid? There's all these testimonials on it. I don't know if we need that. Maybe we just do a few case studies of like

Emily Utter: the few. Like few banger examples I'd like, I'm saying, you need a promise.

James Kemp: Yeah.

Emily Utter: Okay, so then, but also my plan feels like it's all over the friggin place.

James Kemp: although maybe it's not okay. It's what they're selling. It's their content. And then I don't know what the third thing is, does it have to be 3 things. It's who they're selling to.

Emily Utter: Yeah. And also, I'm just really good at helping people with sales in general.

James Kemp: Yeah. But it's who they're selling to.

Emily Utter: I don't know why I'm like tripping out over this.

Emily Utter: I'm in my own confusion, but the believability that's that comes out from the market comes from you

James Kemp: like when people say, Is it believable? What they're actually saying is like, Am I allowed to do this?

Emily Utter: Well, this is exactly the thing, because I'm literally being

Emily Utter: the thing that I need coaching on from me, like. you know, I'm exactly in that right now, like I need me to be like dude fucking. Do it

James Kemp: fucking, do it, do fucking, do it?

Emily Utter: Yeah, I'm sweating. Oh, my God, okay.

James Kemp: this is this is like, and I and I went through the cool pieces quickly, because this is where the shame comes up.

James Kemp: This is where people like don't fully go there with the core of like.

James Kemp: I help people make money.

James Kemp: I help people naked.

James Kemp: like I help people. Whatever

Emily Utter: like the the the underlying thing that stops people isn't

James Kemp: the the practical reality of a. It's the shame that's underneath it that they're somehow making money as bad, or having more sex as bad, or looking better, naked as bad, or whatever you fucking help people with

James Kemp: like, the yeah, most things lead back to there, anyway. Right?

Emily Utter: I think my thing is more like, does anyone care or like?

Emily Utter: Why would they care if you care?

James Kemp: Well, yeah, okay, I care a lot about helping is me caring enough

James Kemp: that they can be free on their dimension of freedom. Right? You care a lot about helping people make money

James Kemp: with people they care about.

Emily Utter: Right?

James Kemp: So it gives them some relief that the the skills they've accumulated were worth it.

Emily Utter: What I really care about is people making money and being themselves, because everybody, self sensors and everybody waters themselves down and like when somebody is really authentic, and then they can blast their business like crazy being that. That's when I'm like, fuck. Yeah, you know, that's what I'm like. If you just take that as you coaching yourself.

Emily Utter: None of us needed to be here. Thanks, guys.

James Kemp: but but this is this is the this is the like people talk about alignment. But that's alignment.

Emily Utter: Yeah.

James Kemp: So you without you fully expressing yourself and being okay, that making money is good.

James Kemp: you can't unlock it in them.

Emily Utter: Yeah. and that like the cool. And I've gone through the practical prescription reason of like the core.

James Kemp: But the thing that stops people with the core is going. Yeah, I just help people make money.

James Kemp: Why does some people have a better life through this vehicle?

Emily Utter: Yeah.

Emily Utter: hate to exist?

Emily Utter: I wrote, can I really like in all caps, make money. Being myself, I feel like that's what I need to hit. It's just like, Yes, you can. You don't have to be this other version of yourself.

Emily Utter: You're gonna make more being who you really are.

James Kemp: Always

Emily Utter: yeah.

Emily Utter: cool. Thank you. And thanks everyone for all the feedback appreciate it.

James Kemp: Yeah, I mean, guys, the thing that stops people like choosing the core is they want. They everyone assembles lots of things around it

James Kemp: to obfuscate from the actual call. because they kind of hedge it.

James Kemp: I hope you make money, but I do it in a really nice way. Help you get more dates, but I do it ethically. I hope you lose weight, but not to look better, because that vanity, like always got a fucking asterisk next to it, and a hedge.

James Kemp: but if you choose the core. and you just believe it and commit to it.

James Kemp: then everything else. Just there's a bit as a benefit around that. and that's what makes it work.

Gieo: My my question is, is really dovetail, or or, you know, is directly onto it. Emily, was this coming to there? And so if it's okay, if I can jump on in here.

Gieo: on the concept of the core, define the core.

Gieo: And and I'm sure this is a this is a could be probably an ongoing debate. But what I you know, when I heard Emily say, and this is also kind of relates a little bit to my own ponderings about about this question as well, which is, you know, what is the core, and and to me what I kinda heard Emily say was that you know, she helps people make money

Gieo: and and and that that probably is a very, you know. Obviously, I mean what I thought to myself, everybody wants to make money. So that's a pretty core thing. But in in terms of what? What does that really mean to be, you know, to have a core offer. It does strike me that. That the addition of

Gieo: of her unique thing, the the you know, a as a as a unique expression of yourself, or however however you say it, Emily, but but that and that's kind of my own kind of, you know, questioning. That's why I wanted to dovetail on to it, too, because

Gieo: I heard this. You know, this piece was the the piece that I heard the most in in in in in your presentation today about the core offer. And so so I'm poundering the same same type of thing. And I'm starting to explore.

Gieo:  th, the this concept that you know in my world. Yes, same thing. I help people make money. I you know I am a business consultant and and working that way for the health and wellness field.

Gieo: And so I'm kind of exploring now that the health and wellness as a lifestyle

Gieo: is pretty pretty close to my core offer. because that's kind of the niche I'm speaking to. and it's both my clients, but also my clients. Clients?

James Kemp: Hmm! What's the question?

Gieo: The question is.  does does that kind of jive with your kind of prescription of what the core offer would be.

Gieo: or or or are you more of a purist and like, what do they really want?

James Kemp: What do they really want?

Gieo: Like? I said, everybody wants to make more money, you know. I mean, that's you know. That's a that's that's the thing gives you freedom. You. You have your way of saying it, too, which is true. True freedom is downstream from financial freedom. Is that pretty close to kind of like that's pretty close to kind of your kind of your why and your offer? Do you kind of use that to inspire your your core offer from

Gieo: like that statement?

James Kemp: Yeah, I mean, like, if we if we look if we look at the.

James Kemp: If we look at the intro

James Kemp: pumping out cash.

James Kemp: our goal is building a million dollar sovereign consulting business with 50 clients or less for 3 days per week on the tools. Right?

James Kemp: The currency is money. the way I do it is unique to me.

James Kemp: Emily's currency is money, the way she does it is unique to her.

James Kemp: Your currency is money. the way you do it is unique to you.

James Kemp:  So you're encapsulating. But the core people. There.

James Kemp: you're encapsulating the how.

James Kemp: you know in terms of a differentiation, if you like.

Gieo: In that. Yeah.

Gieo: I see. Okay, to build

James Kemp: our goal is a million dollar health consulting practice.

James Kemp: or our goal is building a million dollar lifestyle health practitioner with 100 clients or less or 10 HA week on the tools or whatever it is. Right?

Gieo: Yeah, yeah.

Gieo: it is in less and less time, more money and less time.

Gieo: So yeah, that makes a lot of sense what you just pointed out there.

Gieo: And he, you know, he II think it's always a nuance to our, to our audience as well, because I mean II certainly use. You know, your framework, which was super helpful. Santa saved a huge amount of time.

Gieo: And of course I changed the wording because pumping out cash. you know I don't. That's not the way that my people say it. I don't think it made me think that. So I change. You know

Gieo: the nuance of what they want in in my, in my community, like I said, I mean, everybody wants money, but but in my community, I think people want time more than anything, more more time, freedom.

James Kemp: Yeah, the the core.

James Kemp: People say they want more. People say they want more time, but they actually want money.

James Kemp: So they because they think they can buy it.

Gieo: Okay.

James Kemp: So if you default to more money

Gieo: and the methodology gives them more money in less time.

James Kemp: Then it's a it's a safer default. Bet that the market accepts.

Gieo: Yeah.

Gieo: Oh, good. Well, thank you. Thanks for the feedback. And like I said, you know I have

Gieo: obviously been working with you for a bit, and got so much value out of this, and I hear something a little bit different each time. And and of course, as I'm building my own content and everything. So this whole piece about what is the core offer. II think there, I think there's layers of meaning in it.

James Kemp: And there's la, there's always laser, meaning everything. And I'm you know, and I'm being overly simplistic today on purpose.

James Kemp: because you can obfuscate all of these things

James Kemp: and call it nuance right. But when we get to the core of the reason for the offer existing, and you being oriented towards the market, there's layers and layers of why you won't do that. Well, you can't do that.

James Kemp: But the core pieces. What are you in the business of?

James Kemp: And then adding your own unique, you know. Spin to it.

Gieo: Yeah.

Gieo: Well, the the thing that I'll say to you before I jump off here, is that the other piece

Gieo: just to affirm and confirm

Gieo: is the commitment, so I will do what was prescribed, and I recommend other people do as well. So I will put an offer out to at least 10 people, probably a bunch more.

Gieo: And I'll I'll report back.

James Kemp: Yeah. Got some sales last week? Right? So you're you've got your

James Kemp: thank you, sir.

James Kemp: Mr. Calvert.

Louis Calvert: Hello! This offer, this core stuff has been really helpful for me. Actually, I realized that I was

Louis Calvert: mixing mine up a bit, obviously with the aligned offer, the aligned coach.

Louis Calvert: I was kind of selling money. I know that's what I'm selling. But then I started. I probably started to bleed in some confusion around

Louis Calvert: living a better life or something. So that's helped, but my question super simple stuff, was around. Just a little bit of clarification on some of the things.

Louis Calvert: one was you said at the end. There about validating

Louis Calvert: if you haven't got too many. I'm not sure if it was. If you haven't got too many people to ask, or just as a general thing, to cold outreach 10 people on certain on any platform.

Louis Calvert: Was that with the offer to validate the offer? Is that something alongside that?

James Kemp: Yeah, to to to drive a conversation. Validation, you know, validating is giving it to someone who actually wants to see it. It's not giving us.

James Kemp: So it's driving a conversation with those people.

Louis Calvert: So, yeah, yeah, just just normal cold, cold outreach. Have a conversation and get to the point to to then ask that

James Kemp: that question. That message that you put. Yeah, if you need to.

James Kemp: you know, for some people here, they don't need to turn for many others. They got to scramble together 10 people to to get something in front of them.

Louis Calvert: Yeah, yeah. Cause I'm just trying to take it all at at face value and do a exactly, you know. And yeah, I was thinking, if we're going straight in with that message cold, it probably

Louis Calvert: isn't good data to only do 10 right, but now I get it.

Louis Calvert: There was 2 more little questions. Did you know that you decided not to have a promise not to have a guarantee not to have a

Louis Calvert: something else is that that's probably not something you'd suggest for most people. Right?

James Kemp: Correct? Yeah.

James Kemp: And when when I you know, when I, when I look at the nuance of that promise versus

James Kemp: the guarantee, if you like. they're quite different things

Louis Calvert: right? And under my guarantee I say

James Kemp: no promises, no guarantees, no refunds. So I class that as a guarantee

Louis Calvert: and then final little question

Louis Calvert: just going along the lines of the prescriptions. And if we were to do a 12 week or a 12 month community offer. Would you suggest to have any sort of commitment at all, or just they join, and then they can't come back in if they leave

Louis Calvert: for 12 months.

James Kemp: I found I again I found, like the clear pieces.

James Kemp: the kindest one for everybody, which is like this is to get the things you want. You know, when we've got a big enough ambition.

James Kemp: then there's going to take 12 months

James Kemp: if you don't want to. You can stop at any time.

James Kemp: It's not a hostage situation, it's the language I use.

James Kemp: but they, if you decide to leave.

James Kemp: then this is the consequence.

Louis Calvert: Cool? Yeah, I think I'll go with that as well.

Louis Calvert: That's the only reason I joined Syndica. I was II joined because there was no guarantee, not thinking that I'd stick around so long. And then I've

James Kemp: I'm not planning on leaving anytime soon.

Louis Calvert: Yeah. that was me. That was me. Just some simple questions. Thank you.

James Kemp:  who feels stuck on what to include.

James Kemp: like, what actual, what to include in terms of training

James Kemp: calls community, etc.

James Kemp: Because this is that that's the piece that probably people go away and overthink.

James Kemp: What do I actually put in it? And

James Kemp: in my now vast experience most people put too much in

James Kemp: right, and that so again, I oversimplified it down to

James Kemp: you, need some training and some videos and some templates to get people to follow to a process. You know, these are the things these are the tools. Here's the work I've done for you. You need to.

James Kemp: Here here they are, get to to do on your own a community and then calls to do it.

James Kemp: Is anyone stuck on what to include in there.

James Kemp: and a community aura or a client also.

Russell Pearson: Oh, I am James

James Kemp: Cool.

Russell Pearson: So I've got my current community is the forge. I've got about 20 clients in there, and we've got

Russell Pearson: 4 calls a week. We do some one on one work strategic plans and the like.

Russell Pearson: But I'm looking at this other community piece is being a step down from that, because.

Russell Pearson: yeah, the the forge is pretty much all access to me. So I'm stepping down, thinking all right. Well, one call a week. What does the Q. And a. Call look like? Do I do education? Because when I first started doing this years back.

Russell Pearson: education just set people running in different directions rather than actually sticking to a you know, a plan?

Russell Pearson: and because I'm not technically working with them and working through their plan.

Russell Pearson: And this is probably just me now. I'm not sure that I can get them the results

Russell Pearson: without working with them.

James Kemp: Yeah.

Russell Pearson: So the the point is like, what would I put into a downgrade of the forge? I guess

James Kemp: so. How many calls a week are you running?

Russell Pearson: Did you say? Full

James Kemp: fall? So a downgrade of the forge could give them access to the community. One call a week and the training library.

Russell Pearson: Yeah, okay? And currently the let's say, the payment plan is 1750.

Russell Pearson: Yeah. And it's a so 21 total year. And if you're talking, maybe 100 or a hundred 50 a week.

Russell Pearson: That's sort of the community piece.

James Kemp: Yeah.

James Kemp: lots of people having great results unbundling their main programs like that.

James Kemp: So they, my recommendation would be offer them a one-on-one call as a bonus to get started, just like I do

James Kemp: have go.

James Kemp: I'm running an experiment for 5 people on a founders offer who want access to all my

James Kemp: all my trainings and a little bit of access to me, and one access to the amazing community and the for the first 5 people. It's a hundred bucks a week.

James Kemp: because it's about driving velocity

James Kemp: and ultimately driving more clients.

James Kemp:  And then you could raise it up to to be more. You know, closer

James Kemp: to 50% of what the current

James Kemp: offers. This. Which is a good ratio. So you're at 1750. So that's about 3, 50,

James Kemp: 3, 50 a week.

James Kemp: So if you raise that up to 100 5,200 for the community only offer.

James Kemp: then you get plenty of people upgrading to the to the forge.

Russell Pearson: Yeah, cool and the and so is there any nuance or any mistakes that I could make by

Russell Pearson: like, I'm thinking, from the scaling point of view, by

Russell Pearson: offering people at that lower price point where they just get in for lifetime value.

Russell Pearson: I guess it's just the boundaries that you're talking about. Just don't go, you know, allowing them into one on one stuff and outside of any specific office.

James Kemp: Yeah, no, just don't make exceptions.

James Kemp: which is the key piece to to client delivery businesses, which might be exceptions, but might themselves have to scale and stressful.

James Kemp: And I, when you when you can approach the the nuance with the messaging would be

James Kemp: very clear, like it's 1,750 a month to work with me in the forge for that. You get lots of access to me. Lots of people just want access to my

James Kemp: training and methodologies and a little bit of access and and and a community of support. If you're self-directed, then this might be for you.

James Kemp: and then it's very clear that if I want more of you. I can just

Russell Pearson: always 1 one. Yeah. Great fantastic. Appreciate that

James Kemp: cool.

James Kemp: Yeah, just to still it down. You know, there's a number of programs going out there right now, you know, 2,000, 402,500,

James Kemp: and then offering, you know, access to the community element. And and I'm bundling, and

James Kemp: they're upgrading a ton of people right? Because that that easy weekly pricing makes it easy to get started to upgrade to the thing.

James Kemp: And that's the Bolton, you know. That's the Bolton approach. The community offer can be a lower, a lower level entry level on the 2 main program.

James Kemp: Any more questions.

Emily Utter: I have a question about what I'm including, cause I think maybe I didn't quite do it right. Not right. But you know what I mean.

James Kemp: Hmm.

Emily Utter: but arcs. Hand is up, too.

Emily Utter: Should I go ahead or wait? Got it?

Emily Utter: Okay? So I wanted to do mine where I wasn't promising every single week, cause. I love to have weeks where I don't have a lot of calls, so I can like gallivant right? So

Emily Utter: I

Emily Utter: set it as 2 calls a week, the first 3 weeks of the month, and then also it's like 6 QA type calls. But I probably do a little content at the beginning of each one just riff on whatever, and then one monthly workshop.

Emily Utter: and then plus community. And the way that I priced it right now is they can either choose weekly or monthly, 2, 50 a week, or 1,000 a month. That's really low compared to what I normally charge for a mastermind.

Emily Utter: and yeah, II can tell. There's II feel like something's off with that. I mean, I just launched it today. 10 people have heard the offer so I could change it, you know. But that's how I presented it today.

James Kemp: Just I mean, you're you're in the. You're in the game there. It's a it's a ton of access. It's a ton of value. And you've been very. It's a ton of access to me. And but I am just questioning it a bit, I guess because

Emily Utter: I just because it is so different from how I normally price

Emily Utter: and

Emily Utter: I do see, like clear, higher offers. Basically, though, what I decided was like, I'll create the higher tier offer later, and then allow people to upgrade from within.

Emily Utter: And then maybe in the future, they could start at the higher tier.

Emily Utter: but yeah, I guess partly. I'm a little nervous about the people who pay weekly. But then there'll be weeks where there isn't a call at all. But obviously I'm giving them a ton of my programs in the membership site. They'll have the community which I'm still having the feels about like. I don't want to answer everyone's questions at that price point. But as a client I want my questions answered, you know. So I'm like.

Emily Utter: I like to sell something I would buy.

James Kemp: Yeah, I get that. But if you don't want to answer questions on the community, say you don't answer questions in the community

Emily Utter: right? Eventually, like, when there's a lot of people in there, I would hire somebody to do that. That's easy. I've done it many times. But okay, so

Emily Utter: I don't know that just it feels like something's off. You don't think so, though. Okay.

Emily Utter: cool. Well, my goal is 20 people.

James Kemp: The thing that feels office, that you've included stuff that you you don't want to do, which is us answering questions in the community.

Emily Utter: I left it, unclear, I said, it's a peer community. I didn't say that I would answer anything. We'll say you don't answer anything, but my people are used to me answering or having a team member answer.

James Kemp: There is no such thing as people who are used to anything.

Emily Utter: Well, yes, there is. You can recalibrate boundaries with anybody at any time.

Emily Utter: And people choose to accept them or not. So relationships always work

Emily Utter: private. Yeah.

Emily Utter: And as you go along, you can change and and and recalibrate the offer.

James Kemp: because you're making a particular promise to a particular group of people that you can recalibrate

Emily Utter: right? So the first 5 people might get under this. But you like. As you move along you realize that there's there's better ways to do it.

James Kemp: You know I'm I'm shifting some of the delivery and the syndicate, because there are better ways to do it

Emily Utter: right right.

Emily Utter: But you're not taking anything away that we got promised when we joined right. Yeah.

Emily Utter: okay.

James Kemp: I would if I had a damn good reason, and not everyone's going to buy the reason. But if if I had a good reason I'd take stuff away.

Emily Utter: Yeah.

Emily Utter: okay.

Emily Utter: thank you.

James Kemp: But again, it's like the core of like, if you're clear with yourself, then you're clear with people, and they respect it

James Kemp: like people might not

James Kemp: like boundaries.

James Kemp: but they respect them.

Emily Utter: Yeah, I think it's just new offer jitters, you know, I'm like, I know my first people who buy are gonna be people who've been buying from me for years. That's who's gonna join us. So it's gonna be different for them. That's that's my expectation. At least, that's people who know me are gonna buy first.

Yep.

Emily Utter: yeah.

Emily Utter: Yeah. Thanks. Cool.

James Kemp:  good time for one more. Yeah.

Arc: Cool.

Arc: I realize where the my core offer gone off. I showed it to some people, and they just didn't get good responses from it. And but I realized that I had and I'm I'm really glad you went over the core part, because I at first had started with focusing on the money, and then I kind of switched, and I was trying to like, pack all these things in there.

Arc: And what I realized is like, II do the marketing aspect, you know, and get them clear on that and the monetization and everything but one of the big things that my focus is the like the metaphysical part. And I'm wondering like that's gonna be in there, anyway, in the community. But I'm wondering if I should even put that in the

Arc: the main offer.

Arc: But I feel like it's directly relevant to people making more money, getting out of their subconscious blocks and getting like stepping more into the power and being able to actually speak the truth, be authentic, you know. Quick. Second guessing themselves.

Arc:  so I guess my question is like. does that make sense to plug into one of the 3, you know, one of the core kind of steps that we go over.

Arc: Okay. okay, cool.

James Kemp: It doesn't. It doesn't need to be relevant. Then it just needs to be congruent with the people you're talking to. Right? Yeah. Like, you know.

James Kemp: there are many, many ways that people could get help to have a million dollar consulting business right? Hire a team and do this and this. I have my way

James Kemp: right? So my way as congruent

James Kemp: to me.

James Kemp: very, very relevant to me. And then I just make the assumption that it's congruent to

James Kemp: a lot of other people

Arc: right? And then, Val, and then it's validated through the market.

James Kemp: Yeah. And and remember, remember. the more polarizing.

James Kemp: the more polarity something has. the more strongly something repels, the more strongly it attracts

James Kemp: in every single case right? But people try and vanilla and distill and things and go.

James Kemp: yeah, yeah, it's just like this other thing. But if it's nothing like anything else. That's the reason people buy it.

James Kemp: There has to be a level of polarity in there. How much

James Kemp: is down to the individual, and how much they can consistently do that.

Arc: Gotcha. Okay?

Arc: Alright. Thank you that. Yeah. II noticed to the the asterisk thing where I put like form your ethical call. And I was like, no, it's just a cold. Doesn't have to be ethical at all. Can just be a cold.

James Kemp: exactly

Arc: cool. Thank you.

James Kemp: Okay, tame. I think we're done unless anyone's got any more questions.

James Kemp: The

James Kemp: all your blocks. and deciding what your core is. and putting the offer together, etc., are internal.

James Kemp: like. I have purposely oversimplified this training.

James Kemp: because

James Kemp: when when there's no other excuses but the ones that you give yourself

James Kemp: fan you're getting closer to actually being able to do it.

James Kemp: And everyone here, you know, everyone who's put it, put an offer together and put it down the marketplace. And there's things to kind of test, the the fear of rejection, and all these pieces.

James Kemp: But if you have a core.

James Kemp: you put together a promise.

James Kemp: you have a clear plan that you take them through, and you include those things.

James Kemp: You are stacking the deck in your favor.

James Kemp: and that's that's that's the name of the game.

James Kemp: like

James Kemp: I purposely not paying lip service to your internal emotional objections to this.

James Kemp: They are going to be there, no matter what. and we can help you get over them.

James Kemp: Maybe you could just drink a big glass of concrete and harden the fuck up and go make an offer. But that's just me.

James Kemp: Okay, pigs

James Kemp: love you. and I'll see you tomorrow.