James Kemp: so the install offer the offer install.

James Kemp: Here's the doc.

James Kemp: If this is your 1st time with us, and you're a guest. Welcome if this is your 1st time with us as a member. Welcome!

James Kemp: How these work is! I show you something

James Kemp: and talk about why it works and talk about how it works. And then we've got some time to get it to work for you. So there's always a supporting document with these, usually a template.

James Kemp: So the supporting dockers and the in the chat.

James Kemp: and there's also a template that we'll get to soon.

James Kemp: So the install offer this one's pretty cool because it is

James Kemp: the highest converting offer I've run for 7 years in terms of how I've deployed it, and also

James Kemp: the

James Kemp: when I've passed it on to clients. I've seen a very, very fast conversion when this is deployed as well, and it's cool, because it's simple

James Kemp: and it goes wrong when it's not simple and it's over complicated.

James Kemp: So the the running of an offer driven business

James Kemp: is the most efficient route to scale, because

James Kemp: when you make offers, and when your prospects receive offers, you create some motion

James Kemp: right? And even if the offers aren't working.

James Kemp: You still create motion because you create motion for both yourself and your clients, and

James Kemp: that puts you in the game. And

James Kemp: most of business is not thriving and becoming a billionaire and making this and making that. It's actually surviving until that opportunity comes along that, you know, creates the outsized returns. If you are not making and delivering on offers frequently, then you are not getting paid or creating results. Frequently

James Kemp: it is that simple. If you aren't making offers, you aren't serving people. And in the process of serving people we improve our craft, acquire more skills. We get them results. We create compound effects across the board.

James Kemp: If we are not making on deliver and delivering on offers, we are not delivering some level of change in ourselves or other people. We're not delivering some level of transformation in ourselves or other people. We're not really going anywhere.

James Kemp: The reason I get paid every day is not because I make offers every day is because I help other people every day, and in the course of that I make offers right? So it's this big, positive circular loop.

James Kemp: But what type of offers when how

James Kemp: matters to it dictates what results we get, because all offers aren't created equal. All clients aren't created equal.

James Kemp: And when I talk about an offer. I'm just making the distinction between a product and offer.

James Kemp: You know, a product is something that we do and deliver on.

James Kemp: and that we and and the offer is the wrapper that we put around it, that someone interacts with.

James Kemp: that. The offer is the wrapper that we put around something or or a collection of products that someone interacts with interacts with in the sense of, we get their attention for it. And then ultimately, when we have an offer, we promise a result or proximity to a result around it.

James Kemp: and we use different offers for different purposes.

James Kemp: and discernment and sequencing is required for you relative to where you are right now.

James Kemp: So here's 4 types of offer.

James Kemp: We have a customer offer that purely creates a buyer

James Kemp: that is usually a singular product in that offer it creates a. It creates a buyer, and then we can discern what that buyer needs next, and then turn them into a customer who make the custom of buying.

James Kemp: We use that to create cash flow. We create qualified buyers. You know. I talk a lot about intent. If someone invests in something. Then, no matter the dollar figure, we should be curious about why they invested in that thing at that particular time, for why they're trying to solve. Because then we can ask the magic question, do you want some help with that?

James Kemp: So a growth offer is committing to a path

James Kemp: of progress over a medium to long term period, and it provides recurring revenue.

James Kemp: A transformation offer

James Kemp: is that's creating a change that is exceptional relative to the average. So this tends to be coaching, or or a long term coaching engagement. It creates a high margin product, and it creates recurrent revenue.

James Kemp: An acquisition offer is a binary offer. You know, people, it's easy for someone to say yes or no to that solves the pressing problem that you see in the marketplace or solves the pressing problem that you can actually solve, for

James Kemp: that provides clients, and it provides momentum because it's the the faster you can acquire a client, deliver to them and then find the next problem to solve the faster you're actually in momentum and also require it also creates cash flow.

James Kemp: An install offer is an acquisition offer.

James Kemp: It is a relatively short duration engagement that solves a specific problem.

James Kemp: and that is a very easy offer to say yes or no to for a client. And it's also a very easy offer for you to make in the marketplace, because it's focused and specific.

James Kemp: So when we look at the the the matrix of what we have then, ideally.

James Kemp: we have an install offer that sits on the front end of our growth offer.

James Kemp: So I'll use an example to illustrate that. Better

James Kemp: the offer install which is my install offer, which is, there's a lot of tautology, and mixing up the order of words here because I do what I teach and teach what I do.

James Kemp: The the offer installers the 1st 13 weeks of the syndicate with a couple of little sprinkle add-ons that what that means is my delivery can be maintained the same.

James Kemp: I on board someone. I get on a call with them. I set a direction. They get access to the group calls and a direction on training and feedback. And then that continuum that gives me the opportunity to sell to someone over a short duration period without promising or talking about a 12 month. Transformation allows them to get started, and then also allows us to have a conversation after 13 weeks of whether they want to stay in that engagement.

James Kemp: And approximately 80% of people do stay past that 13 weeks.

James Kemp: So the install offer and an acquisition offer has a dual purpose. It it allows us to get customer clients quickly, but it also allows us to bring clients into our world and have the opportunity to keep them over the long term when it's part of a when it's part of a pathway and it and it syncs up with the offer behind it.

James Kemp: and it's optimal to have a growth offer that a client can continue with at the conclusion. But it's not essential if you just want clients. Now, when you want to get started and and you want to get rolling like anything, you know. Making the offer is the most important thing.

James Kemp: the

James Kemp: one mindset that is very useful to inhabit in the world of help. Whether you're a consultant, a mentor, a coach, or a service provider.

James Kemp: is that the offer and the promise you're about to make already exist in the marketplace. In some form, right?

James Kemp: Desire is everywhere.

James Kemp: People want things that they don't have right now all over the shop.

James Kemp: Right? Problems are everywhere.

James Kemp: People want stuff to go away and be solved for all over the place, and more desire, and more problems are created than solutions. You know every single day.

James Kemp: so opportunity is bottomless, and the central key to speed of conversion

James Kemp: is turning existing desire into immediate demand.

James Kemp: If you watch the the call that I had with Lana earlier in the week, we talk about what's already present in the marketplace.

James Kemp: What's already? What's already happening? What do people want right now and then? We're just looking for something that meets that existing desire, and that demand.

James Kemp: and the more pressing the problem.

James Kemp: the more acute and immediate. That demand will be

James Kemp: right if you turned up. If someone had got their leg chopped off. And you said, Do you want me to stop the bleeding? You don't need to send them a Google Doc and put them on a 45 min call to put them through a sales process to get, you know. Forget them to say yes, please. I'd like you to stop the bleeding right and literally and metaphorically, there are people in your that match. The skill set that you've got out in the marketplace, literally bleeding or pining for things that they don't currently have.

James Kemp: So it sounds so trite and overly simple.

James Kemp: We sell things that people want and especially in

James Kemp: the coaching and consulting and expert market.

James Kemp: Most people have a really difficult time of getting out of the way of the of ideals, and you hear this in language like.

James Kemp: they need to have this, and they should have this, and they must want this, which are projections out into a marketplace

James Kemp: of

James Kemp: knowledge that you possess, that the market doesn't yet possess. Oh, you need you. You should have a Crm. And you're like dude. I've got 5 clients, I can, you know, name them, and I know their birthdays. But you know, to a Crm expert you need a Crm, because that's just what happens. That's what you need to organize things. They don't. They need something right now, and offers that offers that work meet that

James Kemp: meet that market right there.

James Kemp: The 2 central killers of offers that people don't want the thing that you're selling.

James Kemp: Coaches are notorious for making things for themselves, and then thinking that everybody else should want it.

James Kemp: And it's not clear what outcome they get.

James Kemp: So we simply solve for this. And this is a requirement of much as a surrender requirement rather than a force requirement. We solve for this by having a hypothesis developed from real world data or experience. And that is, people are already buying this off someone else. That is a positive market signal they've asked. They've asked you for it before. That is a positive market signal.

James Kemp: and more commonly, it's a thing you're already delivering to clients, and it unfolds in the process that that's a particular thing that clients love or or clients want.

James Kemp: and we solve for clarity by promising one clear outcome over one time period.

James Kemp: The further we get away and the more dimensions we get away from these these simple truths, the lower the chance of velocity and outcomes.

James Kemp: And again, I'm going to beat up on pretty much everybody.

James Kemp: just because you want something doesn't mean the market wants it.

James Kemp: and we must understand what the market wants to to meet the market where they are, you know.

James Kemp: I think it was a Dan Kennedyism, but you know, into the conversation, and that's already happening in their head. Right? And and all desire and problems are already out in the marketplace. And we just need to turn that into demand with an offer.

James Kemp: and we do that through a simple equation.

James Kemp: So we have a specific outcome

James Kemp: over a specific timeframe. And then we convert

James Kemp: specific outcome is either very easy to point at, very prescriptive and specific and objective, and a specific timeframe is literally that. How long will that take, or how long are we going to engage together.

James Kemp: When a prospect clearly see what happens in the future, they can make a clear, buying decision.

James Kemp: It's important to understand in the world of services. The thing that we're selling doesn't exist right

James Kemp: in physical products. When you go and buy a car and you're going into the showroom and someone points at the car. And you're like, I want that one. But it's black

James Kemp: that has a physicality in existence

James Kemp: which is tangible, right? We sell things that don't exist yet, because the future hasn't happened yet. So the clearer the picture that we insert in someone's mind of what is going to happen in the future, the more tangible our offer becomes, and the more tangible our offer is, the more viable because it fundamentally feels real right.

James Kemp: So as with any equation like

James Kemp: the the defined inputs create the defined outputs. The smaller the promise, the more easy it is to keep and the more specificity we have around what actually gets done, and over what time period, the higher the conversion.

James Kemp: the further again, the further we get away from that, the slower it is, and the harder it is to sell and the less quality of the data that we get.

James Kemp: So here is my install offer called the offer install. It's not confusing whatsoever.

James Kemp: This is the reason these work as well is because they're very, very short and we had this conversation in the syndicate Michael, who's a you know, one of the best salespeople and and sales trainers in the world, you know, talking about the mindset of offers and a huge, a huge component that we're talking about on Tuesday was, you know.

James Kemp: things that are easy to say no to right and specific offers are easy to say no to, because they're not relevant for that particular person.

James Kemp: Your offer should be as easy to say No as as it is to say yes to, because the right person says yes, and also the right person says no.

James Kemp: So I'll go through line by line about what actually works. So obviously, we've got the headline.

James Kemp: We? We do limited openings. So we want a high velocity offer ecosystem. So we offer less than we can possibly supply.

James Kemp: If you can service 10 people right. Now, then, opening it up for 4 means that you offer less supply to the market than you're prepared to fulfill, and you aim to generate more demand than supply.

James Kemp: I say it every week, but the way to run a low stress business is having much more demand than supply, and the way to have high demand and low supply is meter. The supply and release it, you know, and stagger, stagger its release, but also generate as much demand as possible. So you'll always you've always got an overflow. That means you're never chasing people. You're never wondering where the next clients come from, because largely people have missed out on your last offer.

James Kemp: So I like to start with a qualifier.

James Kemp: the the common qualifier, and you know the market for help. The market for coaching or consulting is, people have gone through something, and they have gone into a program. And it wasn't very good, or they didn't get high levels of access, or they didn't get the specific outcome. And they left kind of feeling like

James Kemp: all I was told to do was watch lots of videos and go on a Facebook group and maybe turn up to some calls once in a while. Right? So I specifically call out the people who already have the solution awareness.

James Kemp: You know what you need is a high, converting offer for your audience. Right? It's baked in about the about the requirements that we have.

James Kemp: They believe the solution to their lack of sales is high converting offer, and they have an audience.

James Kemp: What they don't want to do is watch hundreds of videos get more generic advice, you know. Put your prices up, etc. They want specific help and targeting right? And then I put the you know this is what I do. This is what I do.

James Kemp: This is what I do every day. I do it for myself, and this is what's going to get done. So this is how we partner together, we combine your delivery and audience with my offer creation skills.

James Kemp: This is what it is. This is me, you and some Google Docs and some zoom time. Right? So I've created the specific credit, the specific environment that we got to operate under. And then I'm really clear about what it is.

James Kemp: or the central piece that people are buying? Is this everything else around it? All the access they get to trainings, all the access they get to a group. And all those things their benefits. They're not core propositions of the offer.

James Kemp: Our goal is at least 10 k. In new revenue. Here's some examples of what happens when people do this. These are not typical. There is no cap with the right offer for your audience, which is true, because I've engaged with someone here, and the offer made over a million dollars twice. Actually, so, there is no upper limit. But the promise is very manageable and very measurable for someone who's got, you know, just some basic things that I can work with.

James Kemp: you understand? Over 12 weeks we install in cash flow one client offer generating at least 10 K. In sales.

James Kemp: Right? It's binary.

James Kemp: If you don't want that

James Kemp: right fine, it's you don't need that right now. You don't benefit from it. You don't see the benefit from it, etc.

James Kemp: It is easy to say no to not either. That's not my priority right now. I need more leads or no. Actually, I'm already at 7 figures, and 10 K, you know, is my coffee bill for next month. Right? So it's it's it's it's right in the pocket of relevance of someone who's a good fit for me and the syndicate, who's probably at between 10 and 30 KA month, who's looking to reorganize things and make them more stable and more efficient.

James Kemp: And then I go into a little bit of why offers are important, and then we unpack, and we future pace what actually happens.

James Kemp: So get clear on your ideal market and co-create a client, offer to get some results within the minimum of you.

James Kemp: We use a hybrid office, or I insert a mechanism into there and then, in phase 2. I explain what cash flowing is. Right. So we cash flow the offer and work to tap on these new clients. I'll leave you with an offering system that you can run every single month

James Kemp: with. I'll talk about ascension and pricing, and how we do it in a moment. If someone buys this and they stay with me for 13 weeks and they go off happy. Then I'm happy if someone buys this, and they stay with me for 13 weeks, and they stay in the syndicate and then stay with me forever. I'm happy. The result delivers.

James Kemp: no matter what. There is not holding anything back from the future. The offer is the offer, and it's designed to get the result

James Kemp: right, and then again reiterate that. So what we do together, I reiterate what gets done, how it works. So I front load the delivery of these. So we get on a 1 to one call. We actually do the offer. There's probably a small amount of homework for the people to go for the person to go away with, and then I drop them into the infrastructure I've already got. So that person gets access to the syndicate calls, gets access to the trainings, etc.

James Kemp: So again, that's a benefit.

James Kemp: That's not the core proposition of the offer. But once they're in, as with, you know, people are coming to the syndicate calls and says, Well, I want to stick around. I like this group, etc, etc. Then they go

James Kemp: the investment I'll talk about. I use pay as you profit in a few different ways. I'll talk about this in more detail in a moment. But.

James Kemp: this

James Kemp: template covers. I don't use this pricing right now. But this one is 5 K. Now 5 K. When we hit 10 k. Of sales.

James Kemp: and I put the pay plan secondary. So I'll let you finance the initial 5 K. Over 12 weeks at 500 per week.

James Kemp: Then I have a qualifier. You're probably doing these things. You're probably dissatisfied with this. You have these things right?

James Kemp: And we are more defined.

James Kemp: What about who we don't work with and who we do.

James Kemp: People need some basic stuff for this to work. People need

James Kemp: at least the identification of an audience. And they need something to sell

James Kemp: for most of for most people that I work within this. It's not a lack of opportunity to produce an install offer or produce something like this. It's an abundance because they help people with about 10 different things, and then we isolate it down to one. In my experience that's much more common than you know a beginner coming along and say, I don't have a skill, and I don't know what to do. The people who come to me tend to have too many skills, and then we're sharpening them and refining them down.

James Kemp: So pricing the pricing is elegant. Shall we say so?

James Kemp: If you, if you look at the frame acquisition offers are generally sold to people who have not been clients before. They may have bought low ticket offers. They may have bought customer offers from you. They may even be in a like a membership, or something like that, where they have a low level of access to you.

James Kemp: but they have not had direct and intimate access before. And they're kind of stepping up another trust level. And they're stepping up another pricing level.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: reducing perceived risk and opening the door for them to continue with you is we can bake into pricing.

James Kemp: So the way that I price these that I found most effective over the years is having a risk, reversal pricing or a risk reduction pricing. There's no such thing as risk removal

James Kemp: where there is an upfront payment, and then a secondary payment. Once the milestone is hit.

James Kemp: This works on 2 fronts, which is why I love it because it reduces the risk, because you are essentially sharing some of the risk by saying, I will delay.

James Kemp: I will delay the payment of this until the results turn.

James Kemp: but it also enables you to have a secondary conversation once the result is achieved, you then have

James Kemp: essentially the the the energy of the money there that you can deploy in the right way. So what I do is I actually say

James Kemp: you don't actually owe me 5 K. What I'm going to do is credit that against the next year of the syndicate, and that makes your your weekly payment. Just X. If you'd like to stick around.

James Kemp: So what that does is essentially deploys the energy of that potential money, and it turns it into a potential benefit for the client that they can then

James Kemp: cash in without going into their pocket, because it's free money that then they can deploy to actually invest over the long term.

James Kemp: And that means that we actually can use that potential energy of that dollar figure to actually deploy something and and help someone make it easy to stick around, but also allow them to potentially open up a world where they step up in terms of the level of service, or even just stick around, you know, even at a lower level.

James Kemp: So I found that that style of pricing extremely effective. And it's obviously relative the the dollar figure

James Kemp: is relative to the offer that you've got in the market. You've got you know, if you're selling to corporate. Then 5 K is way too low. If you're selling, you know, probably fitness and personal transformation, it's probably pretty high. But that if you match the figures, you know a thousand and a thousand, 2,000 22,000 20,000. Then I've seen it work at all those particular levels. I've seen it work at 50 K and 50 k. As well.

James Kemp: So the that offer structure when you've got a growth offer on the back of it works very well to convert pricing structure. Rather, it also very works very well to ascend.

James Kemp: So I just wanna before we jump into Q. And A. I just want to talk about delivery and some of the new ones here.

James Kemp: The delivery of my install offer has 1 1 on one call right.

James Kemp: there will be. If you. If you make a promise.

James Kemp: you will have a level of customization and delivering your offer. If you want to control the outcome.

James Kemp: I am leaving too much to chance. If I have an offer like this, and I just throw someone into the community and go have at it and work it out and watch the trainings right? That works at a low investment level where I can't dedicate the time to to, you know, directing that person and giving them a plan. But but at higher investment levels, where you're promising an roi.

James Kemp: you need to control the the flow as much as you can, because you still rely on the client to do some work, you know, to to a greater or lesser extent.

James Kemp: so all to say, there will be a level of customization involved in delivering your offer.

James Kemp: Get that done early and quickly. If that means that you need multiple one on one calls or intensive service delivery in the 1st few days of the 1st week of the client engagement, do it, then

James Kemp: front, load the delivery to set up the conditions for success. So you've got the next 7, 12,

James Kemp: 15 weeks to actually unpack the result

James Kemp: the the faster this is completed, the faster the client is in motion, and the faster you can move to the next client, which is increased capacity.

James Kemp: If you want to run a small lean business with just you, and, you know, minimal overhead to minimal infrastructure.

James Kemp: The velocity that you clear clients through the system

James Kemp: is matters more than most things about your growth potential, right? Because

James Kemp: every time you have a level of customization you're doing a service, or you're one on one with a client. It has energy expenditure, right.

James Kemp: You know how much

James Kemp: how much it takes out of you, shall we say for a call, or doing work, or writing copy, or delivering, you know, delivering pieces for the client.

James Kemp: the the if you, if you meter those and get them towards the front of it, and then you move through into a lower touch or a lower stress kind of environment, you'll be able to put more clients through the system right?

James Kemp: What tends to happen with most people is that they try and stretch out the delivery over a longer period of time, and then they then they end up clogging the system because they've essentially got so much delivery liability coming up that they can't sell the people now right? I could sell the off the offer in store every week and just roll

James Kemp: I I want, okay, I'm gonna do 5 1 on one calls next week, and then I'm gonna sell it next week and do 5 1 on one calls the week after. If I had, if I stretch those out I would be compounding that delivery responsibility right? And this is really

James Kemp: subtle, and the people who have delivered to any level will know what I'm talking about. But if you stretch out and you start offering a lot of service delivery and you try and flatten it over multiple weeks or even months.

James Kemp: you severely limit your ability to grow on the front end because you can't actually take in and ingest clients, and then get them through because you are compounding delivery because you are essentially setting up multiple hours of delivery in the future, and that clock that limits your ability to to sign a client now.

James Kemp: So what I do is, you know again, in the what we do together. I'm clear about how how it works. We do an offer install call with me. We create, offers, campaigns, messages, copy, and strategy.

James Kemp: Then I direct the client. I direct the person to. Once we've completed that offer. Sometimes we complete it fully on the call. If it's if it's super simple. Often there's a little bit to get done. Then I I tell them to bring it back to me for feedback. We've got 2 calls a week. We've got a community. So we've got multiple touch points.

James Kemp: So this is very scalable for me, because there's 1 1 on one component which is like the lowest leverage thing I do, and then it's into a high leverage environment where we can actually provide feedback adequately. But that one on one call essentially establishes the specificity of the offer, the timeframe and the frame around it, and then I've got assets that sit around that to make it scalable.

James Kemp: so

James Kemp: all to say, front load delivery, and compress it into the shortest period of time possible with the most intensive pieces. The more you do that, the more you can move through clients and actually sign them up.

James Kemp: Wants to do an install offer.

James Kemp: No, Jared.

Jarred Brown: I'd love to. And then and if I can ask a question just about that, so you're basically just

Jarred Brown: peaking the terms and centralizing their focus for the start of their syndicate experience. Essentially right, that's all. It is

Jarred Brown: My question before we trial it out

Jarred Brown: with with mine. It does. It does the length.

Jarred Brown: But what's the minimum length in which you would like do it? And does it? Does the pricing

Jarred Brown: just the even split matter. So someone joins the summit. It's a 3 k. Painful for the year.

Jarred Brown: which means like half of that would be 1,500. Half of the time would be 6 months like, could I? Could I bring it down to like 4 weeks.

Jarred Brown: Or is that like, okay, cool, are we able to to jam on that potentially

James Kemp: Like in in real terms. The faster someone gets a result, the more valuable the offer

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: If you had an offer that says, Well, I promise to make a million dollars with you in the next 7 days.

James Kemp: it would sell pretty well

Jarred Brown: It would

James Kemp: Right. So the faster the faster you can generate a result.

James Kemp: and the more meaningful that result is to the individual.

James Kemp: the the simpler that offer is to sell.

Jarred Brown: And so

Jarred Brown: deliver a specific mechanism over a short period of time. The one on one calls. Surrounded by that mechanism, they fall into the summit, and then the full way to the summit is just us.

Jarred Brown: you know, on this going back and forth around that that particular one mechanism.

Jarred Brown: So then, if it's a 4 week experience, would I just then apply that credit as like, if you would like to continue with this and just apply that credit, so my pricing might not be an even split. My! But how would I then frame up the how do you think I could position the

Jarred Brown: pay now and then pay then. Kind of position. How would I sort of frame that up with the ideal of them moving into the summit

James Kemp: You don't have that ideal. And this is like, this is where the danger arises. Right?

James Kemp: You have to fucking. Deliver on the offer.

James Kemp: If you're just doing this as a way to get them into a 12 month thing, you will fail

Jarred Brown: Okay. Ideal wasn't the wrong way.

James Kemp: By night. By then you like a like a like a workshop. What did I say a couple of weeks ago?

James Kemp: Deliver everything on the workshop. Every outcome is out of your control.

Jarred Brown: Every outcome of decision making of what the client make is out of your control.

James Kemp: Everybody who's not a member of the membership or the syndicate here is like they're nuts right

James Kemp: by not being members, but they will. They will come to that conclusion on their own.

James Kemp: But delivering in a workshop is about delivering in the workshop, delivering in an acquisition offer is about delivering on the thing. What happens after we set up the conditions for it to happen.

James Kemp: But if you have a I'm going to do this, so I can get this

James Kemp: it it will not get this

Jarred Brown: Sorry I was meaning more. I I completely understand it and completely agree with you. I was meaningful more from the pricing perspective. How do you feel like I can play with that pricing frame? If I'm if I'm gonna offer and trial out like a 4 week experience, you've got the the 5 K. Now 5 k. Then

Jarred Brown: how would I position that with the contrast of the summit for the other 48 years

James Kemp: I,

Jarred Brown: 40

James Kemp: Let's actually do it, because that's like talking in the theoretical is pointless.

Jarred Brown: Okay. Cool.

James Kemp: What are you going to do?

Jarred Brown: The the big one is like the alter ego at the minute, which is basically Comp comes down to confidence and hesitation. So it's the alter ego advantage, which is what it's called

Jarred Brown: The main things that are popping up and people joining the summit recently have all been around

Jarred Brown: hesitating key. Moments. You know self doubt. And so the alter ego is all around. Confidence, hesitation, Stutter holding back in the performance.

Jarred Brown: So it's like

Jarred Brown: a good athlete or an okay athlete will sort of see something. Think about it, may not do it. A great athlete will see it, act on it instinctively, and go after

James Kemp: That I.

James Kemp: It's e ea a LTEE r right

Jarred Brown: Yeah. Yeah.

Jarred Brown: Nope.

James Kemp: How long.

Jarred Brown: Full weights

James Kemp: So here you'd put I coach

James Kemp: you put something like alter egos one of the many components I install into my professional clients.

James Kemp: Luckily for you, I'll I I can do this like as a 1 off

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: Which is just

Jarred Brown: Would you

James Kemp: Component after it

Jarred Brown: Where would you use the whereabouts would you use

Jarred Brown: like in the summit? Step 4. Where would you use the language when you break down that in your

Jarred Brown: my summer off a dock as an example

James Kemp: I understand.

Jarred Brown: So I just punched it.

Jarred Brown: I just punched it in the chat. But basically like.

Jarred Brown: like, what is the alter ego, for example?

Jarred Brown: Great athletes don't hesitate. Okay. Athletes. Second, guess and play within their shell. All of this comes down to breaking fear and boosting confidence

James Kemp: You can explain what it is

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: Acquisition offers, and an install offer specifically

James Kemp: talks to people who already feel that that is the solution. Right

Jarred Brown: Okay.

James Kemp: They may not, they may not call it that

Jarred Brown: Okay, that's why I might change that. Then I might change the name

James Kemp: What we have to think about in offers is what context is created before them.

James Kemp: Hmm, 2 point.

James Kemp: So if someone is solution aware, they are looking for the solution

James Kemp: right? And then they're looking for. Who's going to provide the solution?

James Kemp: This is not the place that we would educate someone on what the

James Kemp: what the best solution is. Or maybe I just need to train harder. Maybe I need to have a better mindset. These are people are like.

James Kemp: I need that older ego, and I need to carry it with me, and I need to take it on the field like straight away, because

James Kemp: I've understood the benefit from that right

Jarred Brown: Yeah, the language is probably more

Jarred Brown: confidence, so I'll probably make it something like the confidence total.

Jarred Brown: like, I don't think athletes athletes aren't identifying. Don't need an alter ego. They're identifying. Don't I need more confidence

James Kemp: You can. I mean, you can link those things together. Because if I mean, like.

James Kemp: obviously, Todd's book and those kind of things educated the market a bit a lot on these things. There's examples of professional athletes using them

James Kemp: so

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: The education and the market doesn't need to come from you.

James Kemp: but lots of people know that they need an offer.

James Kemp: and I'm not the only one talking about it selling it, or anything like that. It's a benefit that the market gets educated towards solutions

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: We don't have a monopoly on most things. We just have a monopoly on on the central idea of how we do it

Jarred Brown: Yeah, that's fine. I can test the names, anyway.

James Kemp: This is me you

James Kemp: so is it an older ego?

Jarred Brown: Yeah, the alt. The alter ego is

Jarred Brown: the tool that they get. The outcome is confidence in split second moments

James Kemp: Yeah, so you could, you could talk to that. There.

James Kemp: Our goal is a New year.

James Kemp: In 4 weeks you'll have a a new

James Kemp: level headed clear-headed. you know, calm under pressure.

James Kemp: persona, that you can, that you can activate within 5 min and carry it onto the field every Saturday

Jarred Brown: Yep.

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: So again, like specificity. And if it isn't an objective thing we can point at like money or time or weight, or anything that's objectively measurable. We have the objective experience of what it generates.

James Kemp: So you walk you like. Describe that person

James Kemp: 5 min before the game activating the order ego running onto the field, you know.

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: You feel like you're a foot taller and a foot wider, and you know, a yard faster and etc, etc, like you go to town on

James Kemp: describing the person they become.

James Kemp: Because, yeah, all all personal development stuff is is building a better version of the person in the future.

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: So when I say specificity in that. But you are describing exactly that per the that version of the person in the future

Jarred Brown: Yeah, no, I. It's very active right now with Nico. So that's okay. I can sort of break his his experience down, because we're literally

Jarred Brown: been speaking about before performance in performance, post performance, and like the intricacies of that. So that's sweet

James Kemp: Yeah.

James Kemp: So understand, over 4 weeks we install.

James Kemp: So you'd you'd put the pros that you work with. There

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: Your alter ego that you can.

James Kemp: what are they going to do? I mean, it sounds like a schizophrenic, you know, carrying around an alter ego with them, but

Jarred Brown: Forward to 10 scenario 4 weeks. We install your Alta Edo.

Jarred Brown: Are you trying to move? But that you can like use before the weekend's performance, are you? Is that what you're sort of going at here? Is it?

James Kemp: And you can turn on at will.

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: I think people don't know what at well means. You can turn on when you need.

James Kemp: It's a hymn right

Jarred Brown: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: And then that would be the description of that

Jarred Brown: The mechanism.

James Kemp: That would be the description of like the what the alteration

Jarred Brown: Yeah, yeah, which is like, step 4 in the offer, Doc, for the summit. Chronic thing

James Kemp: Yeah, some good suggestions in the chat they're like, activate or or step into, or too long

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: And then we lay out the phases

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: That

Jarred Brown: Yep.

Jarred Brown: Yeah, that's fine.

James Kemp: That I mean with people really go far enough. Right?

James Kemp: I'd I've used. I've used this analogy before. What people want in transformation is that scene from the matrix when they plug the spike through the back of Neo's head and upload his black belt, Karate.

James Kemp: and as Judo, and as gunfighting, and all that, whatever. I can't the movies so long ago. But that's what people want to be reprogrammed. They don't want to do the work.

James Kemp: Even people who like doing the work, don't want to do the work. They just want it to be plugged in

Jarred Brown: Yeah, sweet. I can tie all this up just the investment part.

James Kemp: Yeah.

Jarred Brown: So maybe just have a bit of a a hand with with that

James Kemp: So it's 3 k. For the year

Jarred Brown: Yeah, I've gone up to. Actually, I've gone. I went up to 3,300

James Kemp: Okay, what's the pay plan?

Jarred Brown: Pay plans 9 on a week if they do weekly, which is, ends up being like 5, 1, or something like that. 5, 2

James Kemp: Okay, so.

Jarred Brown: So that's 4, 99. Now, something like that. 3, 99. Now

James Kemp: Yeah. Could you do 500 now?

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: Then 500.

James Kemp: When your alter ego is installed.

James Kemp: I'll let you finance the initial, or 500

James Kemp: over 4 weeks at 1 50 a week

Jarred Brown: Yeah, and then

James Kemp: They're just approximate, right? And then

Jarred Brown: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: They want to stay.

James Kemp: You credit the you credit. You can credit the whole thing

Jarred Brown: Yep.

James Kemp: Against that, but you could also raise raise the price. So you still essentially capture the same amount

Jarred Brown: Yeah, so they didn't. They didn't. A $1,000 off the the summit for the year or credited a thousand dollars. What's the conversation? What's the conversation like?

Jarred Brown: Are you in the back of your mind, knowing when the offer install? People are coming to an end and like, what are you?

Jarred Brown: What's your framing and positioning when they're coming to the end of these things, particularly to 4 weeks, is a pretty condensed period of time, like, what's your what's your positioning that you're taking with them as they come into the end of the 4 weeks

James Kemp: I'm not. I'm I'm probably not the best example, because I'm not proactive on those things. I just let it

James Kemp: unfold.

James Kemp: Do you want to stay cool. What are you doing

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: Right cause it. And in the levels that I sell this into, it's not coaching.

James Kemp: It's like it's focused on getting the result. And if they want to stay, they stay, and if they don't, they don't

James Kemp: bye

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: This is a coached offer. So the the when you are having the conversation is when they

James Kemp: get the 1st kind of breakthrough.

James Kemp: Oh, they come back after a week, and they're like that conversation we had last week changed everything after, and the weekend was completely different.

James Kemp: Right?

James Kemp: They get the 1st breakthrough, and you can

Jarred Brown: Cheers.

James Kemp: Then apply it, then

Jarred Brown: Yup!

James Kemp: Or they're coming to the end. And like you're just asking them how the experience has been, and you'd love them to stay because they. They know now they know what the summary

James Kemp: truth, because they're in it.

Jarred Brown: True.

James Kemp: And then it's like

Jarred Brown: It's easier because there's more context

James Kemp: It's this.

Jarred Brown: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Great. Awesome.

Jarred Brown: Cool up with that. Are you just able to? Oh, there we go. Done it for me.

Jarred Brown: Oh, that's what I was gonna ask, could you link this on? You know how you were saying the other day around your new office cycle? How you're doing like shorter timeframes, like even just offering something over the top of the day.

Jarred Brown: Is this a really good one where it's like you might I might open the summit for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Close it, and then go and then boom straight into. I'm opening one spot up

Jarred Brown: to this like, is this, are those like.

Jarred Brown: yeah, what's your thinking around the whole rhythm cycle? Now, in in conjunction with

Jarred Brown: you know your sovereign circle centered here, and then these sort of offering stalls

James Kemp: That was the answer to the question, is baked into the the delivery piece.

James Kemp: It's all about what capacity I have. Right.

James Kemp: So people. People are coming to Valley next week, so I'll wipe out Tuesdays for calls. So that means I've only got Thursdays. What capacity do I have? So what offer am I opening

Jarred Brown: Yeah.

James Kemp: But from a market perspective, you're not necessarily

Jarred Brown: Fatiguing the market. Did you know how you were saying the contrast between like a

Jarred Brown: you know, you might do a customer offer? And then the following week you have like A, and you're contrasting between price. Could you easily could you easily promote this the day after

James Kemp: I'm going on way higher cadence than I'm going on a way higher cadence than that now.

James Kemp: because fundamentally, I'm I'm making 2 to 4 distinct offers. A week

Jarred Brown: Cool.

James Kemp: But I'm also making those offers in different places. So

James Kemp: 50% of the time I've opened the offer installed this year, it wasn't even to the list in public. It wasn't even to the community. It was people who had missed out on the 1st few ones. Right?

James Kemp: So I'm running multiple multiple tracks of demand.

James Kemp: So I'm I'm making one offer

James Kemp: publicly, if you like, to the list and social, I'm making another offer

James Kemp: in the community like our hours, or an upgrade to the syndicate, or something like that. And then I'm making yet another offer to a group of people who responded to the last offers, but missed out.

James Kemp: So the cadence that I'm moving out I'm essentially of like

James Kemp: 2 active offers at any time, and then publicly, I'm moving through

James Kemp: 2 or 3 offers a week.

James Kemp: cause there's always something coming up right

Jarred Brown: Sounds like rhythm. 2 point O is on the horizon.

James Kemp: But it's it's kind.

James Kemp: It's a lot like my thinking around content. And the idea of a calendar, right.

James Kemp: that you're going to make a particular offer

James Kemp: in the future. And it's going to do this thing

James Kemp: doesn't necessarily reflect what is happening in that future.

James Kemp: because if I've got a full calendar of calls. And then I'm going, hey? I'm gonna fill up my calendar even more with calls.

James Kemp: because I said I was going to, and I planned to do it, that as counterproductive.

James Kemp: it's not productive. It's counterproductive, right? Because

James Kemp: there is only so much capacity

James Kemp: at the upper, at the upper levels of our access and attention.

James Kemp: And so the rhythm for me, it's not based on

James Kemp: what I said I'm going to do

James Kemp: is what capacity I have coming up

Jarred Brown: Yeah, makes sense.

Jarred Brown: And the cool thing about these little offering stores, or from my case is 4 weeks is

Jarred Brown: you might have a really great client result and Boom feel really inspired to talk about it and then make it straight in office like like, look at your calendar. It's empty for next week and make an office straight away on on one of these sort of like little offering stalls

James Kemp: Yeah, the I made a video yesterday about how to go fast, how to go slow.

James Kemp: And I've seen I see this a lot.

James Kemp: I often give people something that's worked for the 1st time ever

James Kemp: I give them an offer that's like they've never had something that got a response rate like the like. The offer that we do together.

James Kemp: So what they do is they make it, and then they thrash the shit out of it.

James Kemp: For a few weeks

James Kemp: they extract all the demand from their audience, and then they do it one last time, like the 3rd or the 4th time, and nothing happens.

James Kemp: and they've pulled all the demand out of their available audience.

James Kemp: and then they demoralize themselves and they go.

James Kemp: Oh, but that people aren't buying. Yeah, but you've just signed like 18 people

Jarred Brown: And

James Kemp: Calendar is absolutely groaning with stuff. And

James Kemp: and they're like, yeah. But people aren't responding. I'm like

James Kemp: managing the ebbs and flows of these things is what keeps people in the game, and what do they do? They stop and they go. It's the offer.

James Kemp: No, it's it's the relative demand that was available to you at the time. With this offer.

James Kemp: Right?

James Kemp: And then they go. Hey! This install offer or this like 8 weeks offer, and then they do another 8 week offer, and then they fill up the capacity again the rinse, all that demand out of it.

James Kemp: And then, 2 months later, they've grown.

James Kemp: but they don't know what to do next.

James Kemp: because they they've got poor retention off the back of it, because most of the people left, etc. Because they.

James Kemp: if you if you prioritize short term response rates on everything.

James Kemp: you will just live in this kind of 48 to 72 h anxiety cycle about what's going to happen, and how many people are buying in that time?

James Kemp: Right?

James Kemp: But if you forecast

James Kemp: how much capacity you want to have, and how much you want to supply, and how many people you want to work with and who they are.

James Kemp: Then what you find is that you can just deploy the different offers. You've got

James Kemp: to kind of just keep that filled up to the brim at about 80 or 90%

Jarred Brown: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.

Jarred Brown: Yep,

James Kemp: And if you don't give a fuck about

James Kemp: how you feel about any of it, and you want to make the most amount of money. You just

James Kemp: expand the calendar, work more hours, fill it up even more, etc, etc. And then

James Kemp: just just wait for the burnout.

James Kemp: It will just come later because you're a bit tougher than other people.

Jarred Brown: Yeah, no, that's cool. It's it is. It does come back to your principles, your workflow, your calendar, and how many people you went on board, and

Jarred Brown: this is really cool, because it does show me the skill in unbundling, bundling offer creation packaging whilst keeping the model the same like.

Jarred Brown: It is very, very yeah, it's very cool. So thanks for sharing, because

Jarred Brown: you're now integrating like the models not changing, but the way in which your packaging offers come into the model. So it's giving me more creative ways to see how to bundle and unbundle and package things up

James Kemp: Yeah.

James Kemp: The the aim for me is to give you the toolkit, but you have to use a sermon about how you deploy it.

James Kemp: I've been in this. I've been doing this for a decade, and I can continue to do this for another decade, because I have the capacity to do 19 calls in a week to an extremely high level, but I also also have the capacity to do absolutely nothing in a week, when I don't want to

James Kemp: right, and my ability to do both of those extremes keeps me in the game.

James Kemp: because I'm perfectly okay with doing absolutely nothing for long periods of time, and just sitting on my ass and waiting for the waiting for it to strike again.

James Kemp: Right?

James Kemp: But I'm also perfectly okay with pushing like a motherfucker and working harder and at a at a higher level than most people.

James Kemp: So I can manage both extremes, because for a lot of people nothing happening is more torturous than

James Kemp: everything happening all at once.

James Kemp: And so my ability to sit in both places

James Kemp: allows me to keep in the game, and the long term outcome is balanced right? It's just balanced through exchange.

James Kemp: And so

Jarred Brown: Love it

James Kemp: Understanding what capacity we have at any one time

James Kemp: is the discernment we need to go. Where's the toolkit going to go

Jarred Brown: Yeah, how? What am I gonna use in it?

Jarred Brown: I'll I'll tidy up some words and make an offer on it today before. So that's cool

James Kemp: See you later.

James Kemp: Hey, Caroline?

Caroline Carpenter: Hey? There!

Caroline Carpenter: So so I oh, I'm sorry. What

James Kemp: No zoom just did a zoom thing

Caroline Carpenter: Did a weird thing. Sorry. I took my hand down, and then it switched me. So

Caroline Carpenter: I want to check my thinking on this offer install.

Caroline Carpenter: It might not be well, I know it's gonna be simpler than my brain is making it.

Caroline Carpenter: and I've got my launch coming up.

Caroline Carpenter: and I'm going to put this in front of a few women first, st and I'm wondering if my timing is way off as far as like the weeks that I've delegated out. If if speed is the thing.

Caroline Carpenter: the goal is

Caroline Carpenter: so I'm in the position of I want to help women get to 10 K. Monthly recurring revenue in 10 h per week, 25 clients or less. That's my goal I'm assuming there's well, that's several other women's goals, too. If I'm going to paint the vision for them. So I've had months higher than that. But it was not monthly recurring.

Caroline Carpenter: so I'm going to avoid having imposter syndrome right now. But this offer is installation of the soulful CEO blueprint.

Caroline Carpenter: Where most women go wrong is, they keep applying all of their focus and energy in all the wrong places.

Caroline Carpenter: and it just goes to crap.

Caroline Carpenter: So I've got 3 phases. It's more of a how do I frame up the bigger container while making it look like a quick, moving offer that will get a result because I don't. I cannot ethically promise money in the beginning, because it

Caroline Carpenter: the women I end up working with it doesn't? Well, one did it in 4 weeks, but that was high intensity, one on one, and I'm removing myself from that. I've already made someone mad with that. But anyway, my capacity. So

Caroline Carpenter: I'm unsure how to properly position this ethically

James Kemp: Need to position the the whole thing

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

James Kemp: No

James Kemp: the direction like. I don't position the syndicate at all in any of this, that I just put them in it, and then they

James Kemp: they make up their own mind

Caroline Carpenter: So I don't even need to say, here's phase 2 and 3. Do I even throw money in there, or say, this is the goal, because it's not a promise immediately. I think I'm

James Kemp: What what is like, what is available.

James Kemp: And so it's like audience that you're speaking to to me.

James Kemp: Awesome.

James Kemp: Excuse me for me.

James Kemp: A solution. Awareness of an offer

James Kemp: is the only is the only thing I need to work with right.

James Kemp: I also have people in the audience a solution awareness of like I need a

James Kemp: I need a funnel which gives me 10 leads a day, or whatever, like all of those could be install offers for me. So what what is present in the audience on a on a solution basis

Caroline Carpenter: Women with a skill set that are making money the way they've been told they've been making it and doing everything they don't want to, and it's a simple restructuring of their offers

Caroline Carpenter: right now, from our perspective

James Kemp: Okay, so what what puts them in motion?

Caroline Carpenter: You mean as in prior

James Kemp: If they could wave a magic wand

James Kemp: to make next week better than this week what would show up

Caroline Carpenter: Oh.

Caroline Carpenter: this would be where the one move comes in to stop doing the things they don't want to do

James Kemp: Which are what.

Caroline Carpenter: Overworking, being scattered, going not need to nothing, getting nowhere, going to burnout

James Kemp: How

James Kemp: like? Where are they spending their time? On? What things are they gonna stop doing, and what things are they? What one thing

Caroline Carpenter: That's wrong.

James Kemp: Jumping from thing to thing to thing, overthinking how they're gonna get to, where they're going

Caroline Carpenter: Sticking to one thing is very hard for them.

James Kemp: Yeah, why?

Caroline Carpenter: Oh, they're doing everything they've been told to do versus what they want to do.

Caroline Carpenter: So running business is the way they've been told to do that. It's completely out of alignment with how they operate

Caroline Carpenter: connected to themselves.

Caroline Carpenter: Yeah.

James Kemp: So what do they want to show up

Caroline Carpenter: Where do they want to show up

James Kemp: What do they want to? What do they want to see happen for them? To

James Kemp: have the feeling that this is going in the right direction

Caroline Carpenter: Oh.

Caroline Carpenter: well, this is where the sense of relief comes in. I'm not sure I'm clear enough on that yet. I'm still working

James Kemp: Wow!

Caroline Carpenter: Hmm!

Caroline Carpenter: Clients that they would like to spend the day off with

James Kemp: How many.

Caroline Carpenter: That's a great question.

Caroline Carpenter: Depends on if they're close proximity or far proximity, and

James Kemp: It always depends

Caroline Carpenter: Right right?

Caroline Carpenter: Probably a few, a few close proximity like 3, I would say, and 10 ish

Caroline Carpenter: with distance between them.

James Kemp: So for for most people.

James Kemp: The one is enough.

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

Caroline Carpenter: One. Okay, so like, your next.

James Kemp: They've never. They've never experienced

Caroline Carpenter: Yeah, I,

James Kemp: They've never actually experienced a. They've experienced a high quality client, but they came and went right

Caroline Carpenter: Okay. Yes.

Caroline Carpenter: Yes.

James Kemp: They've experienced a

James Kemp: someone that they want to work with forever. But they can't. They kind of came and went. They don't know how to talk to them again. They don't know. They don't know what they said last time to get that person to work with them, and they don't know

James Kemp: how to do it again. They don't know how to replicate a result

Caroline Carpenter: Hmm,

James Kemp: And so when you, when you talk to certainty.

James Kemp: that transference of certainty gives some

James Kemp: relief immediately, which is the comfort of the future.

Caroline Carpenter: I do have one example that May.

Caroline Carpenter: I mean it's going to make crystal clear what you just said.

Caroline Carpenter: One of my close proximity clients.

Caroline Carpenter: After I had heard this one mechanism, said for the 1st time, I had a referral

Caroline Carpenter: that asked me if I had capacity to do what she was asking.

Caroline Carpenter: and she was paying me well, and that was huge for her

James Kemp: Yeah.

Caroline Carpenter: So I don't know how that would translate in something to point at or tangibles.

Caroline Carpenter: But the client that

James Kemp: It's not, it's not their next client. It's their next soulmate, client.

James Kemp: It's been that's cool.

James Kemp: IP, client.

Caroline Carpenter: So I'm wondering if my verb is just completely off. Then, with a soulful CEO blueprint

James Kemp: No! Why would it be off

Caroline Carpenter: Well, that would need to be installed first, st I'm wondering where to position. I love that next soulmate client.

Caroline Carpenter: How quickly would I position that, or is this where I

Caroline Carpenter: just talk about it? Don't put it in the offer.

James Kemp: So the the install offer can be

James Kemp: Your next soulmate, client, just one, right

Caroline Carpenter: And then you have the

James Kemp: Tools and the offer, and the positioning and the messaging to attract as many of those as you want. Right

James Kemp: So I like the frame of building someone an asset. What they do with that asset is up to them.

James Kemp: They probably want my help, like cultivating that asset, building more assets, etc. But if they don't.

James Kemp: that's fine.

James Kemp: Going to deliver

Caroline Carpenter: So would would that be a customization?

Caroline Carpenter: Somewhere in the middle of my 15 week offer

Caroline Carpenter: that is going to stay open for the people who stay

James Kemp: So if we isolate what we're talking about here in terms of an install offer. The

James Kemp: the offer isn't to become a soulful, CEO, etc.

James Kemp: It's 1 thing

Caroline Carpenter: Okay. It's

James Kemp: You, giving them only the tools they need to attract their next soulmate client

Caroline Carpenter: Gotcha

James Kemp: And then description of that. What is that right?

James Kemp: But it's also the description of what they're currently experiencing

Caroline Carpenter: Got it

James Kemp: Is, you've got clients all over the map

James Kemp: doing different things for different people. Some you love.

James Kemp: Some. You

James Kemp: have a a pit in the bottom of your stomach every time your email pings or they message you

Caroline Carpenter: awesome.

Caroline Carpenter: Okay, I can probably dig more into that to see

Caroline Carpenter: so these are short term right.

Caroline Carpenter: these are short term install offers that you keep going on in another container that's already been built.

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

James Kemp: You put them into the you know where the soulful Ceos are, and then they're like, oh, there's more work to do. There's more things to do. There's more.

James Kemp: there's more path I'm not at.

James Kemp: you know, 10 KA month for 25 clients with 25 clients. I'm not there

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

James Kemp: So there's more opportunity not. There's more work to do, there is. But there's more opportunity

Caroline Carpenter: And I don't know what something like that would be priced at, but that

Caroline Carpenter: might be determined on. What alls

Caroline Carpenter: would that be more like a I don't want to say like a $1,000 offer. That's probably too small.

Caroline Carpenter: Guess it would depend on where I'd want to put it

James Kemp: Over time.

James Kemp: What's it worth to the person

Caroline Carpenter: Good point.

James Kemp: I can. I can charge. I found charging 10 K. To help someone make 10 K. Very congruent

Caroline Carpenter: Rights.

Caroline Carpenter: Okay?

James Kemp: Especially especially when you're asset building.

James Kemp: charging 10 k. To that with an asset that gets an an immediate yield is a ridiculous deal right?

James Kemp: Because they get to keep all the upside. After that

James Kemp: got it. That initial 10 K. Could turn into a hundred or a million, or whatever, if they do something with it.

James Kemp: I.

James Kemp: This is where the value equation comes in that that's like.

James Kemp: if you frame things as building assets, which is what I do

James Kemp: Then people have a sense of like, okay, this is this is the yield.

James Kemp: And anyone who doesn't understand the value in that doesn't fundamentally understand

James Kemp: assets return Roi or anything, and they're unlikely to get the result, because if someone thinks that

James Kemp: paying 10 K to get 10 k. Back within

James Kemp: at 10 K. And the asset back within a few weeks is A is too expensive.

James Kemp: They're not going to make it

James Kemp: like, because they have a very poor understanding of value. Creation yield assets, etc.

James Kemp: And, unlike candidly, most people do. Most people have no understanding because they can't understand things over time.

James Kemp: and so they just get fixated on what they have now, and they always have that right

Caroline Carpenter: This is probably a terrible question. Have you ever had someone

Caroline Carpenter: not? Hey? The cause? The way you frame it? It's 5 k. Now. 5 k. Later, and I know you walked through your very specifics.

Caroline Carpenter: I don't know

Caroline Carpenter: you ever had someone just dupe out on the rest. Or is that more of a I see who you are. You like? Buy a good

James Kemp: Definitely

Caroline Carpenter: Got that?

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

James Kemp: If if you high converting offers aren't aren't difficult to come, come up with

James Kemp: right? They're not. They're not difficult to sell either.

James Kemp: And so when you have volume, you're always going to

James Kemp: at at scale, you're always gonna have

James Kemp: unequal outcomes. You're gonna have people who

James Kemp: absolutely crush it. And you're gonna have people who make a couple of payments and then disappear. Or you're gonna have people who are like, yeah, this wasn't what you told it was gonna me. It was gonna be because I thought it was going to be much easier. And you're gonna have all of the above

James Kemp: right.

James Kemp: I've also had people not want to continue and insist on paying me the the second payment.

James Kemp: Hey? This was Ama. This was amazing. I don't want to continue in the community. I don't want access to you on the calls, etc, but I'm sending. Tell me where to send the money

James Kemp: right? So they honor the agreement.

James Kemp: even though they, I'm giving the opportunity to get even more value from it. They decide that they got what they needed, and they're going off and doing it.

James Kemp: and and their way or another way.

James Kemp: I always come back. But this happens

Caroline Carpenter: Oops.

Caroline Carpenter: Okay, cool.

Caroline Carpenter: Thank you.

James Kemp: Shrink it down.

James Kemp: Shrink it down to what you can deliver to someone over a period of time

Caroline Carpenter: Hmm.

James Kemp: Because all all other outcomes will just happen.

James Kemp: And the I was speaking to a client privately this week as well as like.

James Kemp: why do people? Why do so many people stick around for so long in my world?

James Kemp: And I because I don't do a lot of the things that you're told to do about retention right?

James Kemp: And

James Kemp: the only answer I can really come up with is like, because I don't need them to, and they they feel that. So it's all about

James Kemp: desire and wanting to.

James Kemp: It's all about them finding different elements of value from it that aren't just like, how much money did you make today.

James Kemp: So I'd I

James Kemp: don't force people to get value in the way that I want them to see value, which is largely all when things are designed to ascend or retain people as like, how much more money are you going to make over a short period of time?

James Kemp: I allow people to get different types of value from me and in my world have another coffee.

James Kemp: And so the the retention outcome of that is that while I

James Kemp: am focused on helping people make money.

James Kemp: I'm also

James Kemp: very open to how they enjoy that and how they experience it, and what value they get from it, and what value they get to the proximity to me about who I am and the people in that world, and those things

James Kemp: which is all to say that

James Kemp: that an installer and acquisition offer is focused on a specific result.

James Kemp: but it can have it can be bundled with a lot of benefits that are incidental that are only discovered when we actually get into motion.

James Kemp: What value

James Kemp: to come to the calls like Jonathan signed up to the install offer a few weeks ago. He's been on my every single syndicate call. He didn't go. I'm joining that because I've I can join the syndicate and those things

James Kemp: he's received the benefits from that, and he's experiencing them, etc. And he's making up his own mind about what it's like to be in here. Right?

James Kemp: So then, if we just focus on being really specific on the install offer.

James Kemp: and we include the other pieces as an experience, then it will just it will unfold.

James Kemp: Does that make sense

Caroline Carpenter: It does so focus on the result. Let them enjoy what they're gonna enjoy and

James Kemp: If you get very attached to like, I'm going to sell them on this, and then I'm going to keep them forever. And oh, my God, I'm gonna make so much money like it will do neither

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

James Kemp: It will, but it

James Kemp: it won't deliver the the full spectrum of benefits to both parties, that is, that is available

Caroline Carpenter: Okay.

Caroline Carpenter: okay. Now, I'm having the conflict of, is it cool that I put my stake in the ground on? Here's what I'm gonna do, and some women are coming with me. But I think that's okay, because I'm not twisting anyone's arm or

James Kemp: It's fine. It's I. I enjoy being focused. I enjoy. When someone's

James Kemp: I give someone a Google Doc

James Kemp: and they go out and they go fucking.

James Kemp: Someone bought like this is a mind bending experience that I didn't talk to this person.

James Kemp: and they sent me a hundred $50, or or those kind of things

James Kemp: And when you give someone the experience that's transformation

James Kemp: because you don't shift beliefs, the experience does everything you need to then go.

James Kemp: Maybe I can do it this way. Maybe it's possible

James Kemp: it it introduces some level of faith.

James Kemp: Hey, Lana.

Lana North: Hello! How are you going

James Kemp: Good.

Lana North: Good been bubbling away since we spoke about this the other day, and I really think that I've been working on the the change communication recovery accelerator for people. So what I do for context for people is help. Professional leaders who are running change programs to master their communication team engagement so they can deliver the benefits. What? I am

Lana North: wondering the the kind of pain point that I'm agitating around is so for a program director who has to go and report to their steering committee, and things are starting to stall or slow down or turn from green to red. That's sort of the pain point that I think is very real for them. What I'm more wondering about is on the

Lana North: sort of you know any recommendations that you have around the

Lana North: sales or marketing process before that

Lana North: to get people to put up their hand? Because I'm just starting out. I don't have, like, I have my Linkedin audience, which is 1,100 people. But I don't have a you know my email list or things like that. What would you recommend to get people to put up their hand so that then I can start to have the conversation

James Kemp: Yeah. So the the language you just used there was.

James Kemp: They're going to the steering committee, and and the project's about to turn from green to red.

James Kemp: So there's lots of different ways to message that you could tell a story of projects you've been involved in, that. You know, we're going from green to red, and what happened.

James Kemp: and no one likes being chewed out in the in the meeting and etc, etc. And this is the 3rd project that's gone this way. That's, you know, over time and over budget and and all the rest. So there's stories. But the the old kind of pointing finger never fails, which is when you can point to

James Kemp: an uncomfortable experience that someone's just had or is about to have. Then you'll have their attention

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: Because they will be attempting not to repeat that, or they will be attempting to avoid that in the future.

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: So all the content that you create is, if your project's about to turn from green to red.

James Kemp: we can have a conversation. I can show you how to how to get that back on track in 4 weeks.

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: Because that's an objective measure like that is

James Kemp: the the most objective measure that you probably have, that there may be others.

James Kemp: But that's an objective measure of the experience

Lana North: Yeah, I thought in terms of you know, when we talk about our goal is this is going from orange, orange, or red back to green or staying staying green when it when you're on the cusp of tipping over

James Kemp: Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, over time, you could say, you know, my clients only have green projects.

James Kemp: like, in terms of communication. And those things that

James Kemp: you know the no more Reds kind of crew is is us. But

James Kemp: it's the objective experience that come that that someone has. And like we talked about you know, on the call

Lana North: Hmm.

James Kemp: The optics inside corporate matter, basically more than anything.

James Kemp: How is the project perceived? To be going is the most important thing. It's much more important than how it's actually going. But how? What? What picture can you paint for the people that matter which is the people above? You?

James Kemp: Kind of thing

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: So the the more you can paint a picture of positivity.

James Kemp: the in terms of the objective measure, which is, you know, a green project versus a red one.

James Kemp: The more engaged they'll be with that

Lana North: Yeah, yeah, okay, that'll that'll make sense. So

Lana North: in in terms of kind of moving to a bit more of a tactical kind of point of view, it's still doing the same kind of posting outreach to network, and all of that kind of thing. So anything anything else that works really well that

Lana North: I should be considering to sort of open the doors or shine the light on

James Kemp: With an install offer. The outreach can be pre assumed, which is.

James Kemp: hey? I've got. I've got I've got space to get one project back on track. Thanks, Rennie. I've got pro. I've got space to get one project back on track in the next 4 weeks.

James Kemp: Is your project at red or green at the moment

Lana North: Yeah, yeah, cool.

James Kemp: Because you can be hyper specific.

Lana North: Yep.

James Kemp: Like again. Michael and I talked about this on on Tuesday Syndicate call like Going for no.

James Kemp: Yes, and the the immediate disqualifier allows us to move on right.

James Kemp: And 1 1 of your frustrations over the last 6 months is that kind of long sales cycle that open

Lana North: Maybe

James Kemp: We'll find budget. We'll do this. I'll get decision maker right

Lana North: Yeah, the more you have, the more maybes you have in the system, the more clogged the system is because you have hope.

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: You're like they they'll they might. They'll come in

Lana North: I'd rather say I'd rather say No, if it's no, and then I'll move

James Kemp: Yeah. So you can move on right?

James Kemp: So anything that gets a no

James Kemp: is just as valuable as getting a yes, because a decision is made

Lana North: Yes. Yeah.

James Kemp: So binary offers, which the only potential outcome is a yes or a no

Lana North: Hmm.

James Kemp: There is a not now

Lana North: Which is still a no.

James Kemp: If, if we own, if we control supply.

James Kemp: binary offers will allow a business to to be in flow and in control

James Kemp: far more than than offers the initiator. Maybe

Lana North: Yeah.

James Kemp: Because we're we're just switching it on and off and going. I've got 3 spots.

James Kemp: but I'm talking to 10 people

Lana North: Yep, yeah. Got it cool. That's helpful. Thank you.

James Kemp: The toughest the toughest part of that is is that you are setting up to cultivate rejection

James Kemp: in the form of nose right.

James Kemp: and the common characteristic for people like me and and others who trace it back is that

James Kemp: I did door to door for 2 years in my own business right.

James Kemp: I got a metric shit ton of nose, and I got decondition to them.

James Kemp: and that helps me a lot because I can make binary offers and knows they don't.

James Kemp: They don't move any kind of emotional needle in me.

James Kemp: because I don't. I don't take it as personal rejection

Lana North: Yeah, correct attaching my personal meaning to it.

James Kemp: That is one of the trade-offs of these type of businesses.

James Kemp: right? And, like candidly, a lot of people build

James Kemp: armor around them in the form of salespeople, and and these and these things to inoculate themselves from rejection.

James Kemp: A lot of people build businesses

James Kemp: and build the system around them to inoculate themselves from that rejection because they they take it so personally.

James Kemp: Every time something happens they're just on this

James Kemp: fucking emotional our client left. Oh, my God, I'm useless.

James Kemp: What my mom said when I was 5 was right. Oh, shit! Oh, fuck! Oh, my God! And then like, Shut down for 2 days

James Kemp: like there is.

James Kemp: We are not our office, we are not, we are not

James Kemp: yesterday's results. We are not our revenue. We are not our money in the bank, like skills

James Kemp: skills do do not have the decay that many short-term things in society have skills.

James Kemp: Skills are the most durable thing that humans have.

James Kemp: and you know I'm talking to. I'm coaching a few people now who are.

James Kemp: you know, reach the heights of

James Kemp: multiple $100,000 month, etc.

James Kemp: And aren't there at the moment. But they've still got the social persona, and they're still posting on Facebook like this. And those things. And they feel like horrendous imposters in it.

James Kemp: right?

James Kemp: And so that's a challenge, because I'm taking them back to put to tell them that the skills are durable.

James Kemp: I played paddle on the weekend for the 1st time. Everyone plays paddle here. There's fucking courts everywhere, right? I played tennis to a rep level up to about 17,

James Kemp: and so I was good, and I haven't literally picked up a racket that

James Kemp: like resemble the tennis racket in 20 years.

James Kemp: and I picked it up, and like 5 min later I was smashing all over the place. It hadn't gone away.

James Kemp: Skills are extremely durable.

James Kemp: But

James Kemp: we get very, very caught up in the short term results, or the perceived social impact of those things.

James Kemp: but and that the counterintuitive pieces to to lean into those and make offers that that literally most people will run away from

Lana North: Awesome.

Lana North: Thank you very much.

James Kemp: Thank you.

James Kemp: Hey, Jonathan

Jonathan Ells: Hey, man? Awesome. I have. So with the question with the install offer, does this work for

Jonathan Ells: a 1 on one private coaching offer, or does this have to be because you were referencing? You want to front, load all your one on one work

James Kemp: Present. Yeah, if it's

Jonathan Ells: So so, okay, so if if I'm if I'm using, can, is it possible for me to use the install offer for my new group offer, and for my private one on one offer.

Jonathan Ells: but not obviously not at the same time. But, like, you know, like this week, I I make a bunch of offers for my group, using the install offer and then use a similar install offer 2 weeks later for the one on one private? Or does that like? Zap? Your audience really quickly.

James Kemp: if they've got distinctly different levels of access

Jonathan Ells: And

James Kemp: Yeah, I mean, you can have multiple install offers.

James Kemp: I'm rolling out a a different one in 2 weeks.

Jonathan Ells: Gotcha

James Kemp: Distinct front.

Jonathan Ells: Gotcha

James Kemp: Think short term front end offer, and that one will have 2 access levels, right? And we'll have a

James Kemp: essentially a membership access level and a kind of syndicate access level.

James Kemp: And I'm considering putting a 3rd one in there as well. So actually selling across the spectrum.

James Kemp: So yeah, you can have.

James Kemp: I mean, the the central component is that something gets done over a time period, right?

James Kemp: And that's very relative to how much effort

Jonathan Ells: Gotcha

James Kemp: You will take, and how much effort they will take, because you could have

James Kemp: For example, with your clients.

James Kemp: You could have a training install offer, because people are my diet's good, but my training sucks.

James Kemp: But you could also have a nutrition install offer, which is

James Kemp: my my training's fine. But my diet sucks right?

James Kemp: Because remember, we're talking to solution awareness in the marketplace.

James Kemp: And that's why we have to go into the market

James Kemp: to offer what they already want, and they believe the solution is applied to.

James Kemp: It is not about what we have. It is about what they want

Jonathan Ells: Got you, would that? Okay? Okay.

Jonathan Ells: so and and and that doesn't like.

Jonathan Ells: let's say, I make a nutrition install offer this week. And then next week I do, and I do an install offer for my one on one private, because that's where I want to get some more people in right now. Will that

Jonathan Ells: cause fatigue on my audience, cause that's that something's happened that I'm not getting responses anymore. I think maybe I'm I've drifted too far with my messaging. But

Jonathan Ells: maybe I'm starting to talk to what I think people should should want, instead of what they actually want, or something like that that I just have not been cognizant of. But is there such thing as like an audience? Fatigue like? Because I feel like the more I offer, the less I the fewer responses I get

James Kemp: Yeah, if the if the offers are all over the map and nonspecific, then they're kind of easy to ignore, and they're easy to anticipate.

James Kemp: Right

Jonathan Ells: Hmm.

James Kemp: There's a there's

Jonathan Ells: So I got to be

James Kemp: Component to keeping audiences off balance

James Kemp: because it keeps it interesting, keeps it novel.

James Kemp: and attention is a attention is a product of novelty.

James Kemp: So

James Kemp: over the short time period like, can you just turn around an audience and get them to respond to things immediately on mass?

James Kemp: Very rarely can you condition them to relatively quickly, to receive offers very frequently. Yeah, you can

James Kemp: like, I said. I'm making multiple offers concurrently

James Kemp: in some cases multiple times a day.

James Kemp: and I get response and feedback to varying degrees across the board right? But there's also a

James Kemp: a novelty factor that that induces, because people don't know what I'm going to do next.

James Kemp: And when people say say to me, When is this open again?

James Kemp: I always say I don't know.

James Kemp: I'll open this again in the future, because they genuinely don't.

James Kemp: But I also genuinely don't want them to know that even if I did

Jonathan Ells: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Jonathan Ells: So, okay, so right now, like, with this install offer, I know this is super easy for me to send to my email list like really easy to send my email list. But for my Instagram account and my Facebook group, how do I apply the install install offer to those things like, what do I do in those case to get

James Kemp: What Mikel did in the syndicate. He's in Bali. So he I think he was on the call on Tuesday.

James Kemp: He did a poll on Instagram, and I can't remember

James Kemp: which the 2 options one was.

James Kemp: he works with coaches right? One was

James Kemp: what do you want? My, what do you want my next workshop to be?

James Kemp: Do you want me to cover the Instagram DM strategy, or do you want me to cover?

James Kemp: I think it was his offer. Creation, strategy right? And he and he ran a poll.

James Kemp: And then with polls on Instagram, you can see who the respondents are right.

James Kemp: And then he just got the aggregate data, but he also had essentially hand raisers for what people wanted.

James Kemp: And so then he could go to those people. You could say.

James Kemp: you can have a poll and say.

James Kemp: if you could make wave a magic wand in 30 days.

James Kemp: you know. What if? What have you done in the last 30 days. You've had a consistent training program or had a consistent nutrition.

James Kemp: And you know, diet or something like that.

James Kemp: So have those it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how you phrase it. But like, just have those 2 distinctions.

James Kemp: because then you're going to have people who are essentially engaging around a small idea.

James Kemp: and then you could ask them.

James Kemp: Hey, were you looking to install a new diet plan

James Kemp: to lose weight in the next 30 days.

James Kemp: Yes, I am.

James Kemp: I've got something that you might want to look at.

Jonathan Ells: Hey? So you gotta you gotta get them to raise their hand

James Kemp: You've both

Jonathan Ells: Okay, I gotta get better weight

James Kemp: You've got to find the people who believe they know the solution.

James Kemp: Do you understand the distinction

Jonathan Ells: Huh!

Jonathan Ells: No, no! Do you find the people that believe they know the solution

James Kemp: Yes, because they.

James Kemp: There's people who believe right now the reason they're fat.

James Kemp: It's because of their training program.

James Kemp: There's people that believe right now, the reason they're fat is because of their diet.

James Kemp: Right? I'm just oversimplifying everything just for for an example.

James Kemp: They already have the solution in their mind, but they don't know

James Kemp: how to approach it. What to do. Which version of the which diet do I follow?

James Kemp: They are looking for the the the narrowing of their focus around the solution. It's my diet

Jonathan Ells: Okay,

Jonathan Ells: I don't know how I apply that because my program does 4 thing. It's it's 4 areas at once. Nutrition, mindset training and health habits.

James Kemp: We're solving for

Jonathan Ells: Yes.

James Kemp: Do they do? They do? They kind of need different components of everything. Of course they do.

James Kemp: Do. They believe that it's 1 thing, or they want to believe. It's 1 thing, because we tend to oversimplify

James Kemp: most everything, to just to to cope with the world.

James Kemp: It's my dog

Jonathan Ells: So you just you have to get. So my, my issue over the last little while, man, it's been driving me absolutely nuts is I can't even get people to raise their hand the 1st time. So I want to start conversations with people

James Kemp: You're cooking.

Jonathan Ells: And I want to start

James Kemp: People are like, okay, well, yeah, of course, I want to lose weight. But that means this.

James Kemp: That means I have to go on a diet. That means I have to go join a gym. That means I have to be seen in public in tight clothes. That means I have to change my whole life.

James Kemp: I don't want to do any of that right. Only highly highly motivated people.

James Kemp: We'll sign up to kind of general fitness and

James Kemp: fitness programs that have all components of everything

James Kemp: they've been told by their doctor. They need to, or they're absolutely sick to death of it, right?

James Kemp: Most everyone else has an incentive on some dimension.

James Kemp: Remember, we talked about the the incentive of

James Kemp: someone who's reluctant to take their clothes off in front of their partner

James Kemp: And then maybe the little comments are coming up, the the the loss of weight.

James Kemp: It's not a representation of how good they look in the mirror.

James Kemp: It's a representation of the respect they receive in their relationship, and the relationship is probably

James Kemp: in some cases more important to them than their own self-esteem.

James Kemp: And there are failings.

James Kemp: So when we understand incentives behind

James Kemp: solutions and desires of people, we can talk to those, to those incentives

Jonathan Ells: So instead of so you're saying, instead of talking to losing weight, which literally, every person that follows me wants to lose weight. But you talk to the reason why they want to lose the weight.

Jonathan Ells: So instead of saying, Hey, so you can lose 15 to 20 pounds. It's so you can feel confident.

Jonathan Ells: So you can. So you can feel confident, naked with your partner again.

Jonathan Ells: And but the thing is okay, that's great. But like

James Kemp: The reason. The reason that that most everyone wants to make money

James Kemp: is because they want to feel safe.

James Kemp: So the reason that most everyone wants to make money is that they want the most

James Kemp: core human need, which is safety.

James Kemp: because safety is proximal to survival right.

James Kemp: So the reason that make money is such a big category of, you know, selling help. And those things is because everyone wants to be safe.

James Kemp: like the reason that that weight, loss, and fitness are

James Kemp: such big categories as both volume, because the world's fat

James Kemp: and secondly, because of the the innate social

James Kemp: desires that sit underneath it, but with feelings. Now, matter, vanity is now a thing

James Kemp: generationally it didn't used to matter what males look like. And now males are more vain than females.

James Kemp: There's this whole category of people who are like, I want to be beautiful, and I'm a man.

James Kemp: So it opened up this whole marketplace because the because of the the social marketplace shifted

James Kemp: so that the incentives have just changed.

James Kemp: But they've got bigger.

James Kemp: But the incentives underlying it are always like people want to lose weight or get jacked, or whatever.

James Kemp: for an underlying reason

Jonathan Ells: Hmm.

Jonathan Ells: okay. So I gotta do that through somehow. That's that's the hardest part, right? There is. How do I? How do I

Jonathan Ells: create stories and content

James Kemp: That there's a gigantic universe of reasons why people want to look good naked, and you pick one

Jonathan Ells: Yeah, and you have to test it. It's just like, I'm gonna do this piece of content today on this thing that I think that people want because they want to go. Look this reason that I think

James Kemp: We don't need to think, though, we observe

James Kemp: out in the marketplace, we observe from the data, the data is, someone else is selling it

James Kemp: you? It is a transformation that you've initiated before.

James Kemp: Right. All of those things are actually real or measurable.

Jonathan Ells: Hmm.

James Kemp: And then we

Jonathan Ells: It's true, too.

James Kemp: One dimension, different

Jonathan Ells: Okay, I still fit. Okay.

James Kemp: The challenge is not that there's a lack of reasons why people want to

James Kemp: lose weight, as there's an above

Jonathan Ells: No, I know that's what I'm saying. So

James Kemp: Isolate around a singular one.

Jonathan Ells: Got you.

Jonathan Ells: Yeah. And only the problem is, now this is opens up more questions and more things to answer instead of finding. So I still don't know what I'm gonna post tomorrow.

James Kemp: It. It does if it does. If you sit in the in the world of

James Kemp: of thinking and and and believe that that's a path to progress.

James Kemp: The world of action is testing and failing in the marketplace of going. No one responded to that

Jonathan Ells: That's all I've done for a year and a half is test and fail

James Kemp: But the paradox for most people is that we are. We are in problems of abundance.

James Kemp: not problems of scarcity.

James Kemp: And then we leverage.

James Kemp: We are in an abundant world where we can communicate with damn near anyone on any

James Kemp: particular issue and dimension.

James Kemp: And then we. And then so we expand the number of things that we say to the number of people that we say.

James Kemp: But when we come back to the Central, the central idea of the clients aren't scarce, but we are.

James Kemp: Then there's a central idea there, that is the one that we actually give a shit about.

James Kemp: or the one that we feel most qualified to to do, or the one that we feel most excited about.

James Kemp: I I don't care about making money.

James Kemp: I care about making money, and then what life it gives me

James Kemp: for me and my family, right? So it's a route through.

James Kemp: and I care about that a lot, and I and I care a lot about helping other people who

James Kemp: who match some of those characteristics to achieve that which they call freedom.

James Kemp: Right? So it's really easy for me to do what I do, and and show up to do it.

James Kemp: because I just see myself as a dealer of freedom, because I have immense amounts of freedom

James Kemp: on lots of different dimensions, and the beauty in that.

James Kemp: and the beauty of me loving it is that I can then have a abundant mindset of like I can help

James Kemp: everybody be free.

James Kemp: But there's only one of me.

James Kemp: so I have scarcity of things I give a shit about.

James Kemp: and that allows me to be abundant, whereas most people who aren't

James Kemp: have a scarce idea of money.

James Kemp: but they're abundant in the ways that they try and get it, and that causes scattered

James Kemp: lack of focus, trying to be everything for everybody.

James Kemp: and and a desire to please people rather than a desire to to help one person

James Kemp: and the central, like the central currency that we deal with isn't is a people.

James Kemp: and all my best offers

James Kemp: were actually kind of a byproduct of me wanting to help one person, and the the catalyst was that.

James Kemp: And it just happened that

James Kemp: 10 or a hundred, or in some cases a thousand people wanted that same thing.

James Kemp: And so it scaled

James Kemp: because I gave a shit about the the core. The core thing that I help. People do

James Kemp: hope all of that was useful.

James Kemp: Pick one. Thank you.

James Kemp: Pick one thing and ask them.

James Kemp: Steve.

James Kemp: I gotta go on a seat.

James Kemp: Where'd you go?

James Kemp: You're still muted

Steve Roberts: You there, mate?

James Kemp: Yeah.

Steve Roberts: I'll get my cigarette lighter off. Now, that was a bit like when I had a concept, you know, just

James Kemp: Always go there, you know every

Steve Roberts: Really not.

Steve Roberts: That was great. Jimmy

James Kemp: Reaching from the mountain

Steve Roberts: I just wanted to add, on top of what you were saying. I just had a meeting with the client this morning

Steve Roberts: who's already lost 15 kgs.

Steve Roberts: but he still has an underlying fear of taking his shirt off at the beach

James Kemp: So.

Steve Roberts: He's not quite there yet, but yet he's still with me. So

Steve Roberts: when you said you're helping them find the route to their freedom, I think that was really

Steve Roberts: quite well, well, put as far as my experience working with that particular client is, it's

Steve Roberts: peeling back the layers like Shrek, you know. Kind of keep it

James Kemp: Yeah. And it's not judging it as well that

James Kemp: that an adult male, it would be easy to judge that that an adult male is scared of taking a shirt off in public

James Kemp: like he's not scared of nuclear war, or you know his family dying in a car accident, or anything like he's scared of taking his shirt off.

James Kemp: and it would be really easy to judge that right. But the significance of that to that individual is huge.

James Kemp: It's really huge

Steve Roberts: Yeah. Yeah.

Steve Roberts: And and just to add on that like, for someone who hasn't had a fear of that before, it is difficult

Steve Roberts: to try and position that as a problem for others.

Steve Roberts: because you don't have the problem yourself. So that was one thing I was gonna kind of.

Steve Roberts: you know, if you don't have a problem with something, how do you raise the problem of something

James Kemp: That's called empathy

Steve Roberts: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: Bye, I have lots of money.

James Kemp: and I'm not embarrassed to say that I'm quite rich, right.

James Kemp: but it's really easy for me to help to wake up every day and go.

James Kemp: How does everyone make more money? People want to make more money. Do you want money like it's? It's a good resource to have right

James Kemp: my needs.

James Kemp: I fulfill my own needs, and I am highly empathetic and effective at what I do.

James Kemp: because I don't judge what other people's needs are

Steve Roberts: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: I have literal millionaires crying with me about how they feel broke

James Kemp: because they're friends with billionaires and stuff like that.

James Kemp: And sometimes and I laugh with them usually right, but I don't judge it at all.

James Kemp: It's like it's comedy.

James Kemp: I'm like you don't feel safe. They don't feel safe.

James Kemp: They're a human being, and the the reason that most people are

James Kemp: a broke is because they judge like other people's needs. You know I don't want that. Well, no one gives a fuck what you want. Really.

James Kemp: you're there to fulfill your own needs.

James Kemp: So empathy is, is putting yourself in someone's shoes and saying.

James Kemp: taking your shirt off at the beach, or making another 10 million dollars, or whatever a valid goals.

James Kemp: at least, for now

Steve Roberts: Hmm.

James Kemp: But along the way maybe we reframe it.

James Kemp: because I bet if you worked with that guy long enough you probably he could probably not lose another kilo.

James Kemp: and if he was coached on on a dimension of self-esteem he'd be taking his shirt off because he realizes it didn't matter.

James Kemp: Just like the guys chasing the next 1 million. And the next 10 million realizes it didn't really matter.

James Kemp: It was just an irrational fear

Steve Roberts: Yeah, that's correct.

Steve Roberts: That's empathy.

James Kemp: Empathy is understanding, that the that the individual human experience

James Kemp: is exactly that it's individual, it's reality. This thing we call reality is consensus reality. The individual's reality is the individual.

James Kemp: What they're scared of, what you're scared of, what I'm scared of and

James Kemp: utterly different things. And it's our job not to judge it

Steve Roberts: Yeah.

Steve Roberts: And I could probably lead with John there. Sometimes you feel like you're posting too much, not getting much back, and it's like, oh, shit if I stay quiet, post the odd thing and someone reacts. Oh, then that was a good strategy, whereas you know you never know who this could be, for it could be the the rich guy who's still afraid to take you sort of the beach, and he could be in the very high percentage of people who take action or problem solvers, but haven't solved this one problem themselves.

Steve Roberts: So your marketing piece might be

Steve Roberts: talking to all kind of level of action takers

Steve Roberts: who still might have a problem with that.

Steve Roberts: So just because you swing it doesn't mean you're gonna hit.

Steve Roberts: The action takers who are still

Steve Roberts: not comfortable with their shit off at the beach.

James Kemp: Yeah, I mean, there's lots of variables in terms of audience and state they're in and how they consume stuff and what they buy

Steve Roberts: Right.

James Kemp: But the the most effective marketing talks to unspoken needs

Steve Roberts: Talks, to

James Kemp: Unspoken needs.

Steve Roberts: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's great. I'm just to close the loop on that on the social posting of that. You're not gonna send invitation. It's

Steve Roberts: something different. But sort of like, you know, I'm looking for people who, in this high level program

Steve Roberts: your social post is around that subject.

Steve Roberts: Let me know if you want the If

James Kemp: Well, I'd I'd be talking in content in this kind of scenario.

James Kemp: A lot more to the not, hey? He lost 15 kilos

Steve Roberts: Hmm.

James Kemp: It's hey? He can now take a shirt off at the beach. After not doing that for 18 years.

Steve Roberts: Yeah. Yeah.

Steve Roberts: Great.

James Kemp: You know why, like

James Kemp: lots of people want a business so they can tell their mom and dad that they made it

Steve Roberts: Very subtle, James, isn't it?

Steve Roberts: It's just a it's a subtle tweak of the, you know.

James Kemp: It's it's the.

James Kemp: It's the base human needs, right?

James Kemp: And all the things that we do. And there, we say, are just just essentially just constructed on top of those base human needs

James Kemp: for safety, for social acceptance, for reproduction.

Steve Roberts: You know.

James Kemp: Accumulation of power is just a vectoring away from threat.

James Kemp: like having a social group and having friends or being attractive to the opposite sex is just a vector, away from

James Kemp: from threat.

James Kemp: Right? So it's safety

Steve Roberts: I knew I took the Dao of teaching for another reason today, James. Thank you.

James Kemp: If you, if you, if you talk to the underlying pieces.

James Kemp: you can still be in the market of selling weight loss, selling money

Steve Roberts: Hmm.

James Kemp: But if you talk to the underlying pieces of the of the actual needs of the individual

James Kemp: and and their desires, you will capture far more

James Kemp: intent based attention than anyone else.

James Kemp: Right? People don't

James Kemp: lose weight for the sake of losing weight. They don't make money for the sake of making money, of accumulating and sitting in massive piles. They they do it for

James Kemp: for safety, for status, which is again

James Kemp: are moving away from unsafe, you know.

Steve Roberts: Yeah, type.

James Kemp: So if we talk to just those things below the surface.

James Kemp: we get the people who are like you're talking to me.

James Kemp: And you know, at a very simplistic level. This is why people are told to be authentic on social media.

James Kemp: but that's turned into performative authenticity of like.

James Kemp: Hey, I broke my foot. Come to my webinar, and you're like what the fuck's that got to do with anything

James Kemp: right. And this is why vulnerability

James Kemp: will always get large points of attention. But again, it's then manipulated into types of attention to.

James Kemp: I broke out with my girlfriend, give me $97. You're like, what, what are these things got to do with each other? Right

Steve Roberts: It's

James Kemp: But if if we talk to the if we talk to the underlying human motivations, then we essentially are.

James Kemp: are kind of hacking into someone's subconscious.

James Kemp: which is, we are talking to things that maybe they wouldn't even talk about within

James Kemp: partner or the people closest to them insecurities.

James Kemp: And again, like the more outward someone is, often the more inward they are with those insecurities

Steve Roberts: In the white. You would elude that

Steve Roberts: problem that you help them overcome

Steve Roberts: in your social posts. We go, hey? It's chatting. One of the guys in my group the other day, and

Steve Roberts: we've we've moved a long way. We've come a long way. You don't talk about the specifics I guess of. He's lost 15 kgs, and you know he's lifting

James Kemp: You do, because objective measures are meaningful too.

Steve Roberts: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: But you talk to the thing that it's actually done.

Steve Roberts: Yeah, yeah.

James Kemp: I

James Kemp: Jk shared a couple of weeks ago how he's at 100 KA month because he stated that you know, 17 months ago. He's going to get to 100 KA month.

James Kemp: It's way cooler him talking about getting married this month

James Kemp: and going on honeymoon for 2 months, and then, you know.

James Kemp: there's something else happening as well. But you know it's way cooler for that.

James Kemp: Then it's what it breeds in his life.

James Kemp: Yeah, he came to me for to make more money.

James Kemp: but he actually did it so he could do these other things safely.

Steve Roberts: You just use your initials. Are you talking about an example of a person

James Kemp: Yeah. Jk molina.

Steve Roberts: Oh, sorry, Ron. I thought you were talking about yourself.

Steve Roberts: Thought it might be more than that

James Kemp: He calls himself young Jk. And oh!

Steve Roberts: Legend.

James Kemp: Tapping, you know, tapping human desire is like how

James Kemp: we speak to the experience of the people that we help.

James Kemp: We layer over the the objective measures of specificity.

James Kemp: But in our content and context, where

James Kemp: to the best of our ability, talking about what? That, what that gets them

James Kemp: like, you know. Losing weight isn't a

James Kemp: isn't a path to being later on escape

James Kemp: as a path to potentially being feeling better about oneself

James Kemp: individually, but also feeling better about what oneself, so they so they can

James Kemp: date for the 1st time before you know. Be on tinder for the 1st time in 5 years, or whatever it is

James Kemp: making money is not

James Kemp: just a greedy capitalist accumulation of it. So you actually feel like you're a success in the eyes of your mom. For the you know, 1st time in 22 years.

James Kemp: There's there's there's layers upon layers of these things, as I said to. You know, Lana, a lot of

James Kemp: in the corporate world. It's politics, right it is.

James Kemp: impressing those above you enough to be one of those above you one day. Right? That's the that's the imperative of the of the of many corporate minds.

James Kemp: And so what it looks like matters a lot.

James Kemp: So let's make sure that we make them look good in the course of helping people and corporate in those environments, because

James Kemp: what it looks like offer matters more than what it is right. And so we we have to understand

James Kemp: the motivations and the environment that the people we work in. You know, what are they?

James Kemp: And the more we judge them, the more it blocks us from those things we can say whatever we like about

James Kemp: taking your shirt off at the beach, and sexual dynamics and corporate dynamics and making money and all these things. But if we sit there in judgment, then it

James Kemp: it takes away a lot of our ability to to communicate with people who want

James Kemp: more than just the thing on the surface. It's just the thing on the surface is the thing we point to.

James Kemp: and then our ability to communicate it as the as the thing that they ultimately get out of it.

James Kemp: Okay, Peeps.

James Kemp: I'll put up the replay resources and template

James Kemp: in the community in a couple hours, and then.

James Kemp: if you're a guest, we'll put it on that

James Kemp: on the page that you've we sent out last night, and this morning.

James Kemp: Thanks, Peeps.

James Kemp: I'll see the syndicate folks this afternoon.

James Kemp: Bye-bye.



Quarterly Updates Call:

What's up, Ru?

I love how there's like people I know

and people, I dunno, just combining the communities baby.

If you're from James' community

and James isn't here yet, he is

nominated me as your new leader.

Unfortunately, you guys are stuck with me.

Um, no, I see he is here.

You know what's funny is that it was like,

I texted him two days ago.

I was like, Hey, are you good for Thursday?

And he is like, yep. If the baby doesn't come yet, if

for those of you who don't know, his, uh, his, um,

fiance is pregnant.

And so if he jumps out during this call, uh,

we all extend forgiveness of good vibes as he, uh, goes

through the rite of passage of becoming a dad Once

again. What's up James?

The mop. The mop

and the bucket are there to clean up the

waters, you know, when they're broke.

Absolutely. Absolutely. Oh dude, I'm pumped for this call.

'cause we haven't touched base a little bit.

The last time, time we touched base I was in America

and you're like, I have five minutes

before clients get here for an event. And so

Yeah. Where's the timing, right?

Yeah. Um, well we've got two communities here and, uh,

but there's probably no lack of people

who are winning in some capacity.

When you just take a moment to

celebrate yourself and just drop in the chat.

Where have you won recently? Big, small personal business.

I'd really love to invite you to, as we,

as we step into this call and we focus on things to do

and opportunities, just take a moment

and celebrate, uh, whether you know people in this chat

or you do not, uh, this call I should say.

Um, we're all here to celebrate with you.

Um, any particular ones you wanna highlight? James?

Yeah. Tack on any, um,

tack on any ways your clients are winning because Oh, yeah.

I love that. I'm, I'm reminded a lot

that we win through people.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. The more we help other people win,

the more we win, you know, and it's a big happy circle.

Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not great at celebrating

clients', clients winning.

Yeah, of course. And I probably

should ask that question a lot more.

No, I think that's really, really good.

Um, while we're waiting for people

to drop stuff in the chat, um, is there any,

anyone in particular that you wanna highlight that might,

may or may not be on the call?

We always have amazing, you know,

wins in our community there.

Anything that comes to mind for you?

I just, um, like to honor Janine Ghana

because Janine's a Janine came to see me in Bali.

Well, I say a few weeks ago.

Everything feels like a few weeks ago at the moment,

but it's a couple of months ago now.

And I, I remember what it was like trying

to battle those two worlds of being in the corporate world

and having these sweet, sweet, uh, big checks, you know,

raining out of the sky and we want you

to speak and we want you to do this.

And then trying to build something

with a little bit more leverage,

a little bit more freedom on the side

and kind of straddling that.

And Janine's had an amazing quarter, you know,

put some great numbers on the scoreboard,

but she's also straddle those two worlds beautifully

as well, and said no to stuff and said yes to stuff as well.

So I know how challenging it is. So I wanna honor that

Guys. Shout

out Janine, that's amazing.

Um, I want to shout out this guy

who just joined an inner circle, um, a couple weeks ago.

His name is Teo. He's on this call.

Uh, by the way, if you guys can't do video, totally get it.

If you're driving, please don't crash.

But if you're just being antisocial, I invite you

to turn your cameras on.

Uh, as I promise you, it will be a more electric call if we,

if James and I don't feel like

we're just talking to ourselves.

Um, so Teo, uh, came to the Mexico intensive.

So every intensive I run, it's like free for clients.

And, um, we have guests come in and Teo messaged me.

He signed up. We had a very, very short back and forth,

and I really couldn't catch his vibe at all.

And little did I know he was, you know,

natively Spanish speaker, English, second language.

And I was like, trying to figure out

like, you know, who is this guy?

And so anyway, he comes to the event

and he tells me that he bought a hundred dollars product

that I have called Inbox Income.

The next month he made $40,000 basically replicating that,

like that system in the Spanish market.

And then he signed up for Inner Circle.

And I was like, firstly,

this is the most nonlinear like way to become a client.

Like, normally you don't get results like

that from a hundred dollars thing,

and then you don't come to an event first.

But I was just blown away because Teo is 18 years old

and his business partner is at the ripe old age of 19.

And it was just so crazy to see these two amazing humans

in Mexico doing work.

Not just learning funnel stuff that's like accessible

for anyone now, but doing really meaningful work

around leadership in, in a game, uh, at 18 and 19.

I mean, I was barely, I'd barely stopped playing

with Lego at 18.

And so to kind of see where they are now was unbelievable.

Uh, so shout out Teo and shout out Janine.

Um, there's a bunch of wins in here.

Uh, Ian landed two figure, uh, two, seven figure earners,

not two figure earners.

I guess that would be like they made a dollar

or $10, uh, from cold traffic.

YouTube. That's amazing. Justin sold

six memberships in his group.

Uh, two workshop tickets. Client made her

first dollar ever online.

That's epic. The first dollar man, dude, I'm telling you,

the first dollar is harder than the, than the first 10,000.

Um, that's epic. Jared got 80 downloads

of his book in last week

after five rounds of testing landing page clients winning

team worked with last year.

And built foundations are undefeated.

Kyla got six new clients

in the last two weeks with a new offer.

That's epic. My man Ray, uh, just had a client able

to contribute to their retirement

for the first time since starting their business.

That's, that's meaningful, dude. That's amazing.

Uh, Elizabeth Benny, um, clients are freaking transforming.

Big tears are transformational all around making money,

marriages, repairing clients, setting up for themselves.

That's very, very cool.

Uh, there's a whole bunch more here,

but that is, Caroline got seven

returning clients to a new program.

Absolutely Epic.

Um, Zach Sson, I do not know you,

but I see your face all over my feed.

So great to see you on this. Great to see you on this call.

Um, well, James, let's get into this kind

of raw messy format that we, uh, you know,

we've obviously perfected

after one previous call, uh, like this,

but, um, I think we'll be,

We're gonna run a workshop on, on messy Catchups.

Totally. This is, you guys have actually all been auto

deducted another a hundred dollars.

We've auto, we've auto deducted your credit cards.

This is an informal workshop.

Um, no, I think we'll be a cool place to start is like,

I would love to hear from you what have been the themes

of this year for you so far.

We can then go back and forth and play pitch and catch

and talk about like, the lessons and what's working

and what's not, and the pivots.

But for you so far in 2025, like what has been the vibe?

What's been the theme? What's been coming up for you?

Um, two, two big things.

Uh, clear modalities,

being clear about coaching, being clear about consulting,

being clear about mentorship

and like leaning into those, the the distinctions

between them, uh, and consumption.

And, um, that getting, getting people,

creating an, creating opportunities for people

to consume your stuff, whether it's free

or paid leads to opportunities.

And there are, there are, you know, we can both,

we can talk about the ways to do that,

but if people consume your stuff, then they know, like,

and trust you and they're likely to do something with you.

Yep. And what's, what's been the under the hood feeling

for you going into this year?

Was it, was it about keep doing what you're doing?

Was it about kind of unscrewing yourself on certain

decisions and things like that?

Like what's been the actual feeling

that you've had in your business?

There's, there's been quite a lot of tension with me

because the, the, the biggest tension for me

that has been separating what I need from

what the people in my clients and my world need and, um,

and make, trying to make clear distinctions

between this is right for me,

but I need to communicate clearly

that it might not be right for you right now.

Yeah. Because the things that I need

and the things I want to do, um, are

I'm coming from a different place with different resources

and different goals, and I need to ensure that people

are doing the right thing at the right stage

and not just copying what I'm doing just

because I'm doing it and understanding the

context about why I'm doing it.

So there's been a lot of tension about trying

to communicate, this is right for me,

but it might not be right for you and this is right for you,

but it's it, I'm not doing it

right. This is not right for me.

Yeah, Totally. That's been, that's been really hard.

That's been really difficult for me. Yeah.

And what was the, um, was there any major problem

that you were trying to solve from that you created

for yourself or experienced in 2024 that you were coming in?

Like obviously that speaks to the modalities

and the way that you frame it from a business model

perspective, like coming into this year, like

what were the big themes that you were like, I need

to get away, I need to get back to this,

or I need to shift something?

I think, I think the biggest thing for me is, you know,

coming into, at the end of, at the end of last year,

coming into this year, you know, I've got the circle

and then we've got the syndicate.

And because of the levels of access that I've given people,

the lines between those were really blurry

and my energy wasn't fully

with the cir the people in the circle around coaching

and availability, because I was starting to spread it

as the, as the syndicate grew.

So for me, the distinction

of saying the syndicate is a mentorship community,

I'm gonna give you everything and look over my shoulder,

we're gonna talk on the Zoom calls and you know, and,

and I will coach on those calls,

but it's, this is the boundary.

And then that freed up a lot of energy for me

with the guys in the circle

who get WhatsApp access and those things.

So I can actually, I can lean in more proactively.

So having that distinction for me was being clear to me

that these people get this level of access

and these people get this level of access.

And it also helped people decide that

where the right place was

and being really comfortable with people,

um, choosing their own journey.

Like, you know, a number of people came from the syndicate

and just said, listen, I'm not making use of this

and I just want the content

and I just want to come to a workshop once in a while

and I want access to the training and I'm gonna downgrade.

And not seeing that as a downgrade and,

and just seeing it as someone choosing

the lane that they needed to be in.

So that Yeah. Yeah. There was the being clear that I,

I can allocate, I've only got so much energy to coach people

because coaching is, I believe coaching you need

to go layers deeper about not just what someone is not doing

or what they're gonna do next, but why they won't do it.

Why they won't consistently do it,

what's really in the way of it.

And that requires a relationship and energy

and some depth and some time.

Yeah.

Sounds juicy. IIII think also the bastardization

of the coaching word, you know, by,

by a whole industry has been super dangerous about people

saying that they're a coach.

And it, like, for so much, 90, 90% of

what people have been selling for a decade is consulting.

It's like, do this, do

This. Well,

it's, it's like an info

Info, It's a glorified info with chat.

GPT support

Coaching's way deeper than that.

Yeah. It's not the things you do, it's why you do them

and why you don't do them.

And the human behind the, the machine

that's pushing the buttons. Yeah.

Yeah. So I, I just leaning into those,

those distinctions for me as being super valuable about how

and where and who I put energy to

and why to have those clear distinctions and,

and then allow people to make their own choices. Yep.

I love that. Well,

I'll share a bit about my start to the year.

And for anyone who's like just jumping on

or wasn't here for the last call, we did this at the end

of last year, this as much as you might be tempted

to believe is not, uh, James

and I just self indulging, you know,

having this like patting each other on the back.

It's really about, it's mostly, it's mostly that,

but we, it's, it's, it's 99% there.

Let's, to be honest, the, the key is we're gonna go

through the things that have worked for us, are working

for us, we've made massive mistakes on,

and we are kind of changing, rethinking about this year.

Our goal is to have you find

yourself in some of the things we're sharing.

So to go, oh, that's for me,

or Oh my goodness, goodness, I was gonna do that.

I'm so glad I'm, I'm not,

like they said that it sucked for them.

Right? So our goal in all of this is

to really like bring you into our thinking

and both the pragmatic changes, the strategic changes,

the tactical stuff we've tried,

but more than more importantly to bring in,

bring you into the how we're thinking.

So if you guys have questions as we go through it, um,

I highly recommend dropping them in the chat.

And also treat this like you're tweeting the Oscars, right?

If something really resonates, let's,

let's make this an active conversation so that we know

that there might be certain threads we wanna pull on

or certain direction we wanna go, want to go in, uh, more.

So the theme for me this year has been super

deep in a work that has manifested

in simplification of the model.

So hands up for anyone on this call who struggles

with a pattern of self abandonment

or putting yourself last in a lot of your life.

Cool. The delay made me feel like I was definitely the only

one that had my hand up, in which case that's fine.

Um, for me, this has been a huge pattern

and there's, you know, we can go so deep on it, but,

but if we're just starting at the starting place

of this year and what were the thoughts were coming into it,

I've spent a lot of my life simply trying to figure out how

to be useful to other people at the expense of my soul.

And that that can a hundred percent still manifest today

with clients where I'll be like,

uh, well I'll give you an example.

Last year I launched this community bond autonomy from which

there are people on this community, uh,

on this call that are from that community.

And there was nothing in me that wanted

to launch it from a passion alignment.

Something's missing, I wanna do this.

It was purely like the obligation of like,

I feel like I have to do something for a, a portion

of people, of my audience

that aren't a fit for what I'm currently doing.

And so when I think about business over the last 18 months,

it's been like this rollercoaster of simplicity

to complexity and then back to simplicity.

And so the end of 2023, like business was so simple

and so freaking dialed, man, one offer two tiers of access,

170,000 a month, USD recurring revenue,

very simple delivery.

And then basically what happened was at the start

of last year, I launched this,

this thing called modern autonomy.

It added 44,000 a month

of recurring in the first seven days.

I was like, oh my gosh, I'm a wizard. This is amazing.

And then basically everything went

down from downhill from there.

'cause it was a separate community, different

to my main community.

Then when I was sending an email, it's like, oh, so which,

which offer am I trying to, who, who's this for?

Is this for the beginning market

or the more advanced market delivery became complex?

I went back to my bro scaling ways.

We added like, you know,

all the bells and whistles into this offer.

And it took me a long time to realize like, I just need

to not sell people into that.

And we still have 50 something people in there.

We're still delivering, there's still calls

and, and all of that kind of stuff.

But that was a huge lesson of like,

there was not anything in me that wanted to do

that other than I felt obligated and I needed to do that.

And that's been a pattern that I've been trying to unlearn.

And so like coming into this, this year, couple

of key things and and some of you need to write this down

and tattle it on your forehead, less

but better, less but better.

Like that. That was a huge theme where I was like,

there was a point where I had a content team

and I was posting two times a day across like a million

platforms and it made me no more money.

It just made me stress

that I was putting up more s**t content everywhere.

Um, because the team just was going for volume

and we need to get two reels a

day, regardless of if they're any good.

And so it's just been like less about Bender, just come back

to the foundations one, offer two tiers of access, uh,

focusing on on, on things like YouTube

and the mini video sales letter.

But it's been much more philosophical

than it has been pragmatic.

It's been me questioning the way

that I think about my business.

This core belief. I know that you

and I share James, is like, your business is supposed

to be built around your life, not the other way around.

Not you are not here to serve your business.

But I, I kind of got caught up in

that a little bit in the last year

and I was just doing stuff

'cause I thought it was what I needed to do, showing up

for clients in a way that I was like,

this is what clients need.

The worst part was, is that I was like recreating things

or doing things or being a,

a dancing monkey waving my hands on camera.

Clients weren't asking for that.

I just felt the sense of obligation of like, oh,

I have free time in my calendar.

I must need to create something for clients right now.

Letting go of that energy of obligation been huge.

Can I ask a question just from,

'cause we've got the benefit of hindsight.

Yeah. Looking back, what, what signals during

that, that decision about modern autonomy

and launching that, what signals do you look back on

that you should have paid attention to?

Oh, it was what come back.

It was like everything about should I launch this offer was

like blinking red lights on the dashboard, right?

And so I think I straddle this really, really hard tension,

which is sometimes you don't know how something's gonna feel

until you do it, which is why we are all grand experimenters

and scientists trying new things.

However, some things are not worth testing.

And so I think one of the best decision filters

that I have come back to time

and time again is by someone I know we both look up

to a guy called Derek s Siver who says,

if it's not a hell yes, it's a no.

And dude, like you,

I I wasn't exactly running an ex an experiment

by launching a community

and having 150 people join in seven days.

That's a commitment, right?

And so I think right away,

because I couldn't decide on whether

or not to do it, that should have been my decision.

'cause it wasn't a, hell yes. It was this uncomfortable

feeling in my body, feeling stressed,

literally sitting in this room.

This is an Airbnb, but I happened

to be here when I launched Modern Autonomy last year.

And I'd literally be sitting in this room like stressing out

about this idea of launching this thing.

But because I'd like already posted about it

and got feedback and built a wait list of 1400 people

or something like that, there was this obligation of like,

well, I guess I have to do it now.

And I think getting more comfortable

with just unapologetically setting standards,

setting boundaries, saying This is what I want to do.

I don't have to explain this to anyone.

I don't have to justify this to anyone.

I'm doing this 'cause I want to do it,

or I'm not doing this 'cause I don't wanna do it.

That I think was the big thing

that I was ignoring last year.

There was still a very strong, like,

but people need help, man.

I, I can be Dan Bolton, I can be people's savior.

I'm gonna, I'm gonna go out here.

I'm just gonna save the world from bad coaches

and bad content and, and poverty.

And I'm just telling you right now, like the freedom

that I've felt this year of just letting go of the idea

that I cannot help everyone, nor am I, uh,

nor am I meant to try and help everyone

or like, I'm not even capable

of helping Everyone has been very freeing of going like,

there is a pocket of people somewhere around the world.

Those are my people.

My job is to sh to put the bat signal up as much

as I can through my content.

So those people know where to find me.

And I think that's been really

liberating and also heartbreaking.

'cause you're like, man, I just can't help all the people

and I can't, I can't be everything to everyone,

which I think is a deep temptation than many of us.

So that's been a big thing for me this year.

Less but better simplification, going back to like

how decisions feel in my body, uh, all that kinda stuff.

Does that change the way you've made decisions

or the speed that you make them?

Yeah, speed question's. Interesting.

Definitely how I make decisions. Like right now,

The, the Dan Bolton that that, that, that I know

tells me about one thing in the morning

and then he is done it by the afternoon.

Yeah, dude, it's interesting.

There's certain things I think I've just, I've, I start

to weigh the scope of what I'm testing and trying.

For example, you have an idea about a certain

type of YouTube video.

The the risk is so low, you put it out and it sucks.

Like I put out A-V-S-L-A few months ago

and it was like 42 minutes

and it was like, s**t, the moment I created it

and I uploaded it and it was s**t in results.

So like, but that's not a irreversible decision.

And so I think like, like I'll give you

a really pragmatic example.

We are gonna escape New Zealand summer right now.

It's stunning. Uh, in about a month it'll be less stunning.

And so we're trying to weigh up like where we're gonna go

for a few months as a family and we can't decide,

but we are gonna leave some, we are gonna leave

to somewhere in four weeks and we have nothing booked.

Hmm. But I'm allowing myself to feel okay in that feeling

of not knowing, because if I go down the rabbit hole

of trying to like, research every island in Hawaii,

or ask chat GBT the best places for our family in Europe,

it's really demonstrating.

I'm not saying I haven't not done that.

I'm just saying I'm not going to make that My only thing,

I I'm relaxing in the not knowing of like allowing myself

to like, when I know to move fast, to move fast,

and when I don't know what to do, I can sit with it.

And allowing myself the familiarity

with feeling uncomfortable is a very powerful frame.

Like this, this is worth writing down for some of you

who really struggle with specific vices

or maybe struggle with creating, uh,

chaos in complex in your business.

One of the top life coaches in the world, Brooke Castillo,

she said something so profound when she was talking about

how she overcame drinking.

She said, I realized I didn't have an over drinking problem.

I had an under feeling problem.

And I think many of us are moving lives not towards

something, but away from something.

We're trying to desperately not feel the thing.

And there's a superpower in just being able to feel it

and not have to solve it

and not have to do something with it.

Right? It's like today you realize

that like you're on this call

and you realize your business sucks

and your clients aren't great.

And, but you don't have to burn it to the ground

and change everything overnight.

You can just allow yourself to feel it.

And I think that's been a huge theme

for me is like allowing myself to feel the discomfort.

Because oftentimes I will try

and act myself out of discomfort

and that will create a misalignment.

That's the, that's the the paradox

of being someone who takes action, right?

Is that you actually know how to get out of stress,

but it's just what stress

are you trying to get out of? Because

Well also, is the stress possible to get out of right now,

You can get the stress of like, well,

if I just make more money, it'll be fine.

Right? Yeah. Yeah. And more and,

and more money can compound onto, um, more obligation.

Yeah. And then especially in the,

in the, in the gig that we run.

Yeah. So let's, let's go back

and forth on some of this stuff around we, like,

I don't think there's a a, I don't think there's a list

of like, let's go through what works and what doesn't

and what we're trying, just let's talk about some really key

things and narrow in on some stuff that we've observed

or that's worked for us really

thinking about this first quarter. Does that sound good?

Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Cool.

Do you wanna start? I've got a list here. Yeah.

I think we, we have,

we have slightly different philosophies in terms

of maybe front end products

and those kind of strategic moves, right?

And it's interesting to me of a hundred percent

of the people who have joined me in,

in in Q1, consume something.

Yep. 90% consume something through the,

through buying something

and making the commitment an investment, whether it's $9

or a hundred dollars or $999, it didn't really matter.

They got in, they consumed something, they got an insight,

and then they took the next step,

Right?

Did other 10% consume something as well?

They just did it over a really long time.

Like they watched a lot of stuff.

They wa they read a book, they watched a lot of videos, they

stalked me across multiple platforms and consumed something,

but they just did it in a much more,

what we call organic way,

Right? 'cause you're not just

referring to just paid,

but obviously it includes paid,

It may, well in, in the cases of the 10%,

it doesn't include paid, they didn't buy a single thing

until they became a client.

Right. But other people bought in some cases one

or multiple products.

But the theme is consumption.

And I notice people getting really stuck on like ads

versus organic.

Mm-hmm. And the commonality between both of them is

that if you create a place in an environment

where people can consume your ideas, then something,

something will happen.

Right? Right. Rather than worrying too much

as our ads best are, again,

'cause we've got examples of both working.

Right. Right. And,

and this is where I think it's useful to go back to the, um,

what is innately natural to you, right?

If you can produce content every day that's super targeted,

that's right on point.

And, um, you can be super consistent with

that over long periods of time, then

pursuing an organic content route makes a lot of sense

because you're just gonna produce it.

People will consume it,

and eventually someone will do something.

Take the next step, reach out. Yeah. Become a cut.

If you are, if you know you're not consistent with that,

that you, that you run in sparks of inspiration that you,

that you, you know, beaver away for two weeks in a,

in a room somewhere and you make a product and you're,

and then you're really proud of it

and you put it out there, then choosing a strategy

that compliments that makes the most sense

because both of them get consumption, right?

Mm-hmm. And I notice a lot of people try

and straddle these two worlds where they, they try

and simplify it to organic ads, right?

Do I do organic ads?

And I think it's, it's more useful to how do,

what can you be consistent at producing?

And then what, how do, how do, how do how,

what is the optimal way for people to consume that?

And then the answer is at the end of that chain,

because there's some very, very convincing people

who are gonna tell you that organic is the best way to

grow your business because they

Yeah. This is so relative. Like

what are you optimizing for? It's

Extremely relative, but it's like the, the consistency is

where the um, where the, where it comes out.

I, I talked to a mutual friend yesterday

and I was like, how's the, you know,

the, the mastermind going?

And he is like, oh yeah, uh, two people joined.

One of them, you know, has been following me for two years

and the other one for three.

And I talked about someone who came to Bali a while ago

and who hadn't bought a single thing off me

but started following me four years ago.

Right? Right. And it's like, what can you be consistent at

and how do you, how do you produce?

We have to produce something to put out into the world,

but how do you produce, I think, um, then dictates

how you actually show up

and what strategies you use rather than trying to be

an imitation of somebody else.

Like, it'd be crazy to try

and do daily email like me if you haven't written every day

for half your life, right.

When people weren't reading it

or weren't watching I was writing.

And so by choosing

and discerning what you are consistent at

and what you can do for a long time, I think,

I think forms the choices you make in terms of the strategy

because then you then at the end of that, that's amplifying.

Yeah. Yeah.

I'll, I'll kind of piggyback on that

'cause I think that's really connected to one

of the biggest lessons that I've, I've, um,

been thinking about and, and feeling.

And you said something that's interesting

and I want to challenge it,

but you probably will agree as well, which you said,

our philosophies on front end products are different,

but my philosophy is this, if I did what you did,

I'd make more money if I combine that with what I was doing.

Right? Like, like moving people to workshops,

running workshops regularly, making office consistently, all

that totally works.

So like, so, so philosophy wise, alignment.

However, I would sooner want

to punch myself in the face than write daily emails.

Hmm. And so this is the key like thing

that I keep thinking about is like, it is that true aspect

of like, everything works

and we have to find the thing that feels like,

like, what's that saying?

It's like the thing that feels like play to you

but looks like work to others.

Yeah. So I feel that around video, right?

I feel really, really light around content creation when I,

if I'm allowed to create whatever I want to create,

and it just so happens I want to create really often.

But if I held myself to a standard,

if I have a content calendar

and today is, today is pain 0.371, uh, you know,

why sales calls, uh, suck.

Uh, I would, I would quit this business

because it feels like

the business would be telling me what to do.

That sounds horrible. And I think there's this really deep

sense of something more going on with models

where we can talk about it on a surface level perspective of

what works or what seems effective.

And so like, we'll take this for example.

Everyone here should have a focus of having something

that someone can consume before they get to your offer

or your pitch or your sales conversation.

You'll make more money the more of your stuff

that people consume, right?

That's, that's my core, uh, belief around that.

However, it has, the way you do it has to feel light to you.

And I think, and I'll be interested to know what you think

and have observed with this, James.

I think there's this whole conversation

around the nervous system that most of us are not having,

which is that most of us choose models that,

that we are choosing because it is the most

effective way, right?

This is the best funnel of 2025.

The problem is, is that it leaves us feeling disregulated,

misaligned, everything feels heavy.

We feel like we are constantly stuck in first gear,

can't get momentum because that isn't how we're wired.

That isn't what we are here to do.

If you are a more creative type, there are

so many business models that will absolutely crush you

because it'll be like, cool,

just fill out your numbers 37 times a day

and find out what the bottleneck is in the funnel.

Where like when people ask me like what my numbers are,

I'm like, I have no idea.

I get, I get a message from my VA once a week just giving me

the summary of something and I barely even look at it.

For me, it's much more intuitive.

It's more about feeling, it's more about

how much I'm enjoying the business.

People will ask me like, Hey,

what you are doing this wait list thing?

Uh, is this more effective than this?

And I'm like, please don't copy me.

'cause I don't care how many clients I get,

I'm just optimizing for fun.

Talk to me about what you've observed with this,

with your own journey coming into this year

and the start of this year around this whole idea of,

I'm putting words in your mouth,

but nervous system, like the thing below the thing

where it's not like this strategy works

or this strategy works tuning into what feels best for you.

Yeah. I, I make the most money when I'm

have the most constraints

and like said another way I make the most money when I

work the least, right?

Because the, the non-negotiables of

I'm gonna turn up on calls three times a week are in,

and everything else is, is is

vibe like in terms of optional.

And so that, that the white space

enhances the creativity.

The creativity. If it's natural and innate

and it's emerging, then it's fun.

And the more fun it is, the more it's consumed

and the more it's consumed,

the more people are attracted to it.

And the more people are attracted

to it, the more people buy stuff.

Yeah. Right. There's a question there.

What if it feels light? But

Maybe I saw that. I

was like, we gotta go after this

Question. Like

it's, i

semantics matter a lot

and discernment is, def is defining things for yourself

and effective is not what James says or what Dan says.

It's what is effective for you

and what does the, the, the business should serve you.

Right? And if it serves you, then it's effective.

If it serves you, it probably serves others.

And the internet allows us to find who the others are.

And this is the, the inversion of the idea of like

that I, I think the assumption is effective

means it makes money,

Right? Whereas

making money is a byproduct of value creation.

And value creation as a byproduct of values

and values are a byproduct of alignment of you being aligned

with the thing that you're making

and then the then this, then it comes at the end.

Mm-hmm. Whereas the inversion that most people have is,

I'm doing this because it makes money.

And so the tightness is the only effective measure is money.

Why do I hate it? Well, the the question answers itself

because the only effective measure is money,

but no value is actually being created

because you don't value it.

I'm just closing my window because the boys are just

hopping on the trampoline.

Um, I think this is a huge lesson

because I believe that the worst version

of yourself that you can give anyone else is the one of you

that's living under obligation.

So I want you to like really think about this from a

pragmatic standpoint for everyone on this call.

You follow James and you go, I'm gonna write a daily email

because that's what he tells me to do.

And so, you know, four days outta the week,

you feel like you've got some juice and some flow,

and three days outta the week,

you feel like you're dragging yourself

to your computer going, I need

to keep this cadence going, or I'm gonna be poor.

Right? Or you follow me

and you go, I need to create a video sales or whatever else.

The worst version of you that anyone's gonna get, clients,

potential clients, your friends, your family, is one in

that's, is living under the heavy weight of obligation.

And so what you have to really understand is, is if you

constantly serve the, the goal

and the north star of, I'm willing to do whatever it takes

to increase revenue, you have become money's b***h.

Do you feel, Do you

Feel, do you feel responsible like I do

for creating this though?

What do you mean? 'cause we talk, we talk about, okay,

I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna project, I talk about

making this much money per year, per month,

per week and per day.

And I am getting people to focus on

how much money you can make in very short time periods.

Right? Yeah. You know why?

Because in marketing it f*****g works. Yeah.

Because that's, that's, most people survive

Me. I want that.

Yeah.

And the problem is it works.

The problem is people respond to it.

And so therefore they go, I, I want that.

And then we go, okay, you can have that.

And this is what you measure it on. Not how it feels.

He's gone. I called him out so badly

about being a marketer that he just left.

No, I think the, um, the short term metrics,

I I, I've oppressed myself under the weight of those

for years and years.

You know, I wanna, I I I tell stories about, you know,

when I joined, um, Sam Ovens program

and Andrew argued made the first a hundred K month,

and I was like, f*****g al imagine making a hundred

thousand dollars a month.

And so these metrics get very, um,

these metrics get very short term where we start to think

and look at the only thing that matters is how ma

what happens on that particular day

or week or month.

So I,

I'm back by the way, I have no idea

what the hell just happened to my computer,

but zoom just disappeared.

Uh, I was the, I I said to everybody, it was

'cause I called you out about being a marketer

and you just like left in a half. I

Didn't pay my wifi bill is the truth.

It's too expensive over

Here. You're

actually broke. The truth is coming up.

Sorry, I did miss the last part of the conversation.

I heard you say you're not projecting

and then we obviously talk about money a lot.

IIII think we talk about,

I think we talk about short term metrics a lot

to the detriment of how someone's, how someone's feeling

and existing in that, in that short, in the short term.

Yeah. How does your business

and how does, how do you are interacting with your clients

and how does making this content feel today?

Not what does the Stripe balance say? Correct.

'cause the perversity is, the more you optimize for that,

the more the strike balance actually goes up.

Yep. And the more you,

the less you look at it, the more it goes up.

Correct. I have no idea

how much money I've made the last few months.

All I know is that I've made money.

I don't track any of it. I also don't have stripe,

which if I had stripe, I'd probably know.

But I have like some really ghetto, you know, for people

for, for, for bro scalers who got banned by Stripe.

Um, how I think about it,

I don't know if this is the right way.

I might become more enlightened in my older years

and went, man, I was so off track with this.

How I think about it personally is I I, my value

around this is like the Trojan horse, right?

Like I talk about money

'cause that it seems to be where most people struggle.

And I've kind of developed

a bit of a knack of how to make it.

And if I can help people make it

and get them out of survival, it allows me

to talk about the things that are more important.

Nothing's more fulfilling

to me than helping someone make a lot of money for them

to realize that money was never the thing

that we're trying to look for anyway.

So that's kind of how I think about it, is that if I was to

share what I really believe,

and that's not to say that I'm being inauthentic,

but if I was to really go out

and be like, you know, guys,

money's just not that important.

Firstly, most people wouldn't listen.

They'd be like, cool, easy for you

to say onto the next like, you rich guy, you know, person.

Cool. Yeah. Yeah. But the second thing is, is that like,

I wanna meet people where they're at.

And so there's this really big tension that I,

I'm not saying I've nailed by any means,

but how I think about it, if you think if, if you were

to interview any one of my clients,

I imagine it's similar in your world.

People come in. I mean,

the more I talk about this stuff publicly

around not just money, intuition, uh, the kind of energetic,

attractive piece of who you are.

If people come into my world,

there's obviously an emphasis on like,

let's fix your broken funnel.

Let's, let's make your offer better.

Let's help you make some money. But it much faster becomes

around like, what kind of life do you wanna live?

Who do you want to be? Let's let's move you

closer to a calendar.

You have romantic feelings towards

because of our beautiful looks, uh,

and much much further away from just like the money piece.

So I think it's an interesting nuance

and I definitely don't have the answer to it,

but one of the things I will say is that I hope that both

of us model a world in which we are happy

to leave money on the table.

And that money for neither of us is our true north star.

That while neither of us wanna go back to being, uh,

broke minded and broke ba broke, broke bank accounts, uh,

you know, I would absolutely take

a much lower paying version of this business if I was able

to still be the person I am now still feel the way

that I feel, still have the level of freedom

that I have in terms of my time.

Um, so there's nuances there,

but I hope that we are at least doing

our best to try and model.

And I think for everyone here on this call, like

modeling is infinitely more important than, than

what you say through content.

The life you live is going to

outspeak any words that ever leave your mouth.

And I think that awareness around leadership

and market, why you

and I are able to attract the people that we attract,

I think it has so much more to do with

who we are than what we say.

Anyway, I'm, I could get off track on this, but

I think, I think, I think that's a hundred percent true.

And I think, um, there's a good question there

because it's the, it is the, the the,

the problem of the ages.

You know, how do you get out of the money scarcity mindset?

And honestly the answer is, um, the answer is nuance.

But it's like, just figure out

what it is you actually need to live on.

Like the, I feel like you can either have philosophical

questions with someone who can't pay rent next week,

or you can just figure out like the fastest way to pay rent

and then change the conversation.

And now how do I do this in a lighter funnel way? I,

Yeah. For me, for me,

the answer's twofold For me.

The, the, um, the pursuit of money was I had

to mind the fear about what I was actually trying

to run away from.

And the pursuit of the, my pursuit of money was,

was a was um,

and still is occasionally was through the, um,

running away from the fear of abandonment

because I felt that if I had money and I was like,

and I had a metric that showed I was useful to people,

I was less likely to be abandoned.

Right. And so the, the root, the root driver

that caused me to do the work that I did

and do the work to, to enable the skills

to build the resources I've got now was me trying

to run away from the potential of abandonment.

Right. That I would be alone, that I would be unloved,

that I would be, you know, not good enough.

Yeah. And so the, the money I saw as a

shield mm-hmm.

And so I think most people have

a pursuit of money to try to get away from something else.

Yeah. And if you know what the something else is,

then you can simultaneously rationally build

wealth and money.

Mm-hmm. Because it's quite useful and quite important

and our society, but also deal with the underlying

fear because fear is, is, you know, our number one governor

and the, the other, the other piece of

that is vision, right?

Money, human humans hate uncertainty.

And so people who have a very vivid vision

for the future, for the world that we are going to inhabit,

that I'm gonna inhabit, that you are gonna inhabit people

who have a vivid, um, clear vision of

what the future looks like, have attention

and subsequently wealth flow

to them when people buy into that vision.

Yeah. And so the actions to the act, the, the simple actions

to take today, not easy ones, uh, mind the fear of what you,

you what, what are you chasing

and what are you, what are you running away from?

Yeah. And that fear, what is the, what is your vision

of the future that you are gonna step into

and potentially invite other people along?

'cause that's what I see. I do.

I just form a, an idea of a future that someone

that I wanna live and, and, and,

and trust that other people are gonna wanna live that too.

Yeah. And then, and then, you know, what, what,

what financial needs do I have that I need to meet in terms

of obligations and rationally take actions that meet those.

Like you say, if you've gotta pay rent, go

and get some f*****g money to pay the rent.

Yeah, totally. But that's a, that's a practical,

that's a practical, um, action

after you've done the other two.

Yeah. Because you've, you've, you're understanding

that you're taking that action not out of, you know, um,

being upset that your mommy doesn't love you.

It's that you are, that you're gonna make money that, that

to pay the rent or whatever you need

because you have financial needs.

Those, those, but those things are,

those things can be separated.

Yep. Your need for money

is not feeding the need you think it is.

So go and find the need that you have that

to be fed and go and make money

A need underneath it. Yeah. Yeah.

I'll, I'll quickly share my 2 cents on this

and then I want to talk about some tactical funnel stuff.

I think everyone will find really valuable.

Um, I think about it like this,

everyone has two categories of things

that they don't want to do in their business.

One of them would fall under conveniences.

So for me, I'll, I'll just be so clear, right?

No sales calls is a convenience. Like, like I hate sales

Calls. Can I, can I just,

can I just say, do you, can you imagine

how much money would make if we added a

sales team to our businesses?

It would be absurd. Dude.

Can you imagine how many kgs I would gain

if I added a sales team? You imagine,

How do you imagine how much I would end up going back

to drinking IPAs every day if that

Happened? Oh dude,

man, the life we could be living right now,

it sounds so God amazing, God rich and miserable.

Sign me up, lamb, Rambos and jet. Sorry.

Alright, so let's get practical.

Okay, so, so in in people's

like, I don't want to do this list.

There are conveniences and convictions.

Sales calls for me are a convenience, like, dude, if it's

between me and my family, like paying rent next week, bro,

I'm gonna book out my calendar now.

I'm gonna try and do it in my way.

I'm gonna go take the calls on a walk, we'll do no video,

but I'll be happy to talk to you all day if

that's what it comes down to.

But then there are convictions.

And so if we're talking about what feels light

and what feels heavy, there is,

and I wanna be so emphatically clear

because I believe in a very abundant universe, there is no

situation you will ever face

where there is not an aligned path for you to walk forward.

I don't believe there is ever a time

where the only path forward is when, where you have

to compromise your convictions.

Now I'm telling you right now, if you believe

that you're gonna have to compromise your convictions,

sometimes you will always find the path

to compromise the convictions.

But I do not believe any of us have to betray our values,

betray our convictions to make money.

I don't care how scarce it is, how,

how badly you need to pay rent.

And if you don't believe me,

why don't you take it all the way to the nth degree?

Do you ever believe that you're gonna have to pay that, that

to pay rent, you would have

to sell your body or kill someone.

Now those are extreme examples.

So then why would we take that in the lighter ways

and go, oh yeah, it's not quite that bad.

But also I don't wanna do it.

Like, I'll be really clear and pragmatic on this.

There is never a situation

where you should take money from

someone you do not wanna work with.

Now if you do not have an abundant mindset

and you are scared, you are gonna take that money

and you're gonna find a way to make it work.

And I promise you, you're gonna regret it.

So my belief is that yes, there are seasons where money, uh,

challenges us and stretches us to let go of conveniences,

but I do not believe we ever find ourself in this situation

so bad that we have to compromise on the

convictions of who we are.

I believe in an abundant universe,

I believe everything is always working out for us.

I believe all of creation is unconditionally supporting us.

And you may not share that belief, but I promise that

however you believe the universe will show up

or will not show up for you is exactly what you'll receive.

If you are constantly stuck in the feast

and famine cycle of survival, you will never leave that

unless you believe that there is another path

always available to you.

One that's aligned, one that allows you to do stuff you want

to do with people you want to do it with.

I think the world is just such an abundant place.

I met a lady at the farmer's market the other day

who was one of the best in the world at hu at Honey.

So like she's been making honey for the last 20 years,

has been taking it to the world

and has I tried the third best honey in the world?

Dude, it was amazing.

And so we're in this society,

in this amazing time in humanity where you can make a

unbelievable living knitting.

I I met this guy who makes a full-time living,

making pens at the farmer's market, right?

Custom pens that look like bullets. They're amazing.

I believe for us as coaches and as value creators

and as consultants, there is always an aligned path

available to us.

We just have to look for it and expect it. Um, and

That, that is, that is is wealth as well.

Yes. Yes.

But you will never see it if you don't believe it's there.

You will always find what you're looking for.

All right. Funnels less, less esoteric chat for a moment.

That was a f*****g hand break by the way, and a left turn.

The reason I wanna bring this up is

because, um, I think you

and tariffs, I can get so deep, let's talk about tar.

So, alright, Elon Musk, doge, let's talk about it.

Um, no, no go. I wanna talk about funnels

because I think, I think this is a, a really connected idea.

So I think my core conviction is that we often don't make

as much money as we should be making

because we are not making it easy

for people to give us money.

Like I want everyone to do a self audit right now.

How easy do you think you are making

it for people to give you money?

And the big lesson for me this year

has just been the simplicity of having huge

neon signs in my world to the next step through the funnel.

And so if I was to create a starter pack for,

I'm a broke coach, and I don't know why number one would be

like, I never talk about my offer, right?

Like, like there are people who never talk about their offer

and then they wonder why no one's buying.

And I'm like, you have to be talking about what you do.

The second thing is, uh, for the broke coach starter pack,

and I dunno why is I'm not talking about my offer in a way

that sounds appealing to the people I'm trying to appeal to.

So you simply cannot say, uh, if you want to work with me,

unless you have a big audience of people filled with people

who want to work with you, you have

to be crystal clear in your messaging.

You have to focus on them, not you.

You have to articulate what's in it for them, not you.

You have to be really clear.

The third thing is you have to create a journey

of easy yeses from stranger to paying customer

to high paying client.

And so whether you have the, the customer piece,

let's just take this for example.

Most of us have short freebie content

and then we have big expensive thing.

And so a prime example is like people

who only post short form style content

and then they go, if you wanna work with me,

like book a call here.

And the the leap from, from where they are

to this one huge yes is monumental,

which is why people have no shows

and have three follow up calls.

And you know, that's why people,

you can have a hundred thousand Twitter followers

and make no money because

that audience is built off short content

and is not a journey of easy yeses.

So pragmatically for me, having a central focal point

of a VA video sales letter, just continue to proves

to be the most profitable thing that I could have

and the most important thing that I could

ever point people towards.

So whenever I make that the focal point,

that the next step in the journey, I make more money

whenever I go, like weeks

and lead flow feels drier, I can always point to the fact

that either I need to create a new VSL,

which doesn't happen all that often,

or I'm just simply not talking about it.

So when I post on my stories multiple times a week,

I have a VSL, you should check it out.

I get more leads and make more money when I put it

as the PS of my emails.

It's like, it, it, it works like clockwork.

And so for me, this big lesson of number one,

making it easier for people to give you money,

like don't put the hard work

and burden on their shoulders for them to figure out like

who, who your work is for how they work with you.

And then number two, don't just make it easier for them

to make, uh, give you money through a sales conversation.

Create a journey of easy yeses, move them

to your longer form content, move them to your products,

move them to your video sales letter.

Allow them to go through that journey of more consumption

before they get to the sales conversation.

So any, any notes on that

or anything that you've kind of, I know you don't have a VSL

so to speak, but anything that you've kind of learned

or been reminded of this year around this topic?

Yeah, I, I, it's interesting the concept of VSL,

because, you know, a video sales letter, I would,

I would kind of argue that every time you go on video,

you're making a video sales letter for an idea.

Correct. And so the, the, the easy, the easy yes.

After you create content is that what is the natural thing

to point someone towards, to take the next step.

Mm-hmm. And so I think if you're thinking about content,

if you're thinking about ads, if you're thinking about

anything is what is the na If you're selling someone an I on

an idea, what is the natural

next step for that person to take?

Right. And natural, which is, I feel good about saying,

I've just talked about this, I've just talked about this

result a client's got or,

or whatever, Hey, you can buy this thing for nine bucks,

or you can come to this workshop, you know, next week for,

for free, or whatever it may be.

But it's just, it's, it's the, it's empathy.

It's the height of like, if I was in someone's shoes

and I stimulated

and I stimulated some level of interest in this idea,

what's the natural thing for them to do next?

Because I think a lot of people to stop

and a lot of people to stop and they don't make the offer

because they've made the content

for themselves, which is very common.

Um, because they wanted to get something off their chest

that they're frustrated with, or, or an idea.

And they also just don't think about

what is the natural next step,

because I think everything's a sales letter.

Like, because we are in the market of selling ideas,

and some of those ideas need to be consumed in, um, in,

in environments where people get the adequate support to,

to fulfill on that idea,

which is a paid product or a mm-hmm.

Or a client experience, whatever it is.

So yeah, I think it's just that the natural piece of like,

if you're making content, then

put a put the natural next step.

And we call that strategically a call to action. Mm-hmm.

But what is the natural next step?

Like, I'm running, it's close

to a thousand dollars a day in ads at the moment,

and it's, oh damn, dude.

It's what's the natural next step? Right? Yeah.

Well, I'm, they're four line ads Yeah.

Saying, I've got this, it's good. Buy it. Yeah.

Oh, by the way, when you buy this thing, this can,

this cash campaign, this 11 email sequence,

it goes really well with that.

So maybe you should buy that by the, that's all makes sense.

I've got a, um, I've got a, I've got a place

where I've got 40 more of these things.

Yeah. Do you wanna come in and try it for nine bucks? Yep.

Like, it's just, I,

there is also something in back to vibes.

Yep. If you don't feel good about your offer

and you don't feel good about what it does and who it's for

and, and, and how it's done, you won't want to promote it.

You don't feel good about the

communication, you won't make it.

Mm-hmm. You won't talk to it. You won't put it out there.

And so everything we are saying isn't natural.

So if you don't feel good about your offer on all

dimensions, the price, the promise, who it's for,

what they get, then you're not gonna make it.

So you have to have con you put, put conditions up where

I like to think that people are stealing from me.

I'm like, this is absurd that I'm giving this much for $9

or $50 a week, or $250 a week, or whatever it might be.

Yeah. I feel good when that happens.

So therefore I do it a lot.

A hundred percent. There's

so many directions I want to go in.

Um, I would love to know just in the chat, like,

what's coming up for you guys?

What are some takeaways so far?

Um, because the, I have a number of things listed out.

I know, I know James has,

but I'd love to know like, what's coming up for you

as like an aha moment?

Um, I, dude, my phone is like overheating

and I can't really, it's just getting dimmer

and dimmer by the second, but I'm just rolling with it.

And for whatever reason, my computer is

internet list or some, or something.

Um, but, uh, what, what, what's coming up for people? James,

Uh, black t-shirts or, um, in Bali tank tops.

Yeah. That's the uniform.

Elizabeth, I didn't know you went by Elizabeth these days.

I thought it was, uh, I only, I I, I call her like that.

Every, every now and then, you know, mache are talking to,

um, well, let's young lady,

let's talk about this for a second.

Um, there's this whole idea of authenticity

and content, right?

And the basics are, um,

the basics are share about your life,

share about yourself, right?

Don't just, don't just teach what you know, um,

bring people into your world.

But I feel like it's so much deeper than that.

And it's almost like a skill.

Like what have you been learning in the last, the last three

to six months around that element of ethos, personal brand,

people buying into you, not just ideas,

because obviously this connects to this idea of mentorship.

How, how do you think about it these days?

So when I, when I think about building a brand, there's,

there's three components, right?

There's, um, the identity that we help people manifest.

There's the mechanisms that we use, you know,

kind of marketing 1 0 1.

This is my unique mechanism,

but then there's this kind of overarching piece

of the world, you know?

And, and in my community I'll talk about, you know,

what kind of world are you building?

Who are the characters in it? And those kind of pieces.

What I think this has been happening for a long time,

but what I have noticed is that we are shifting

the, the what has been so commoditized, funnels, webinars,

ads, low ticket, high ticket closing,

and those things, they're so easy to replicate, right?

And before you'd slap a f*****g unique mechanism

and a little TM on the side

and everyone would go, this is new.

Oh my God, it's so amazing.

And, you know, I still give that advice

'cause it's still kinda work, right?

Yeah. We learned that from t in there

and like, you know, call it something new even though

it's not that new, right?

And, and that, that was enough to,

to get some traction and solve a problem.

The, as the trust has declined

in the media that we see across the whole,

across everywhere from mainstream media all the way

to social media, as trust has declined, people are looking

through the surface stuff, the strategies, the mechanisms,

you know, even the identity and going, who is this person

and what are they really doing behind this stuff?

Right? So it's been harder for the fakers to fake

the things because the, the fake things,

you can't be consistent when you're lying.

Right? So that eventually you get found out. Yeah.

And so the world component of the brand is

that people are looking through the surface stuff,

the mechanisms, the products and those pieces

and saying they're commodities.

But who is this person? Where are they going?

Who is going with them?

What is ha They're looking through into the world,

the physical world that people have in terms of their life,

but also the, the, the virtual world

that people have built in terms of their client,

the community, and who's in it and, and, and where it is

because people are looking for truth.

Right? And that, so

before you could literally slap a TM on something,

say it was a unique mechanism and make a million dollars.

Like, it's kind

of still available in a way if you, if you're good at it.

Yeah. Yeah. But people are buying a lot more

who than they ever have.

Yeah. What are you doing, et cetera.

And that is values

and character based and truth based.

So doing things that people can't replicate

'cause they're real is, is kind of the best marketing

that anyone can produce, right?

It's the, it's, it's not marketing.

It's showing in demonstration.

And increasingly in a, in a world

where people don't trust stuff, they want to, they want

to see it, feel and touch it before they buy it.

And so, um, making thing, making

yourself someone who is easy to buy from is a product

of letting people see who you actually

are and who you really are.

And also highlight bits that you want to clean up

because you might not wanna show other people.

And so the, so marketing is dying

because marketing at a base level is manipulation

because it manipulates someone into having a belief

that they may not actually possess.

Yeah. And, and it to, to get a short term transaction

and demonstration and showing is, is, is growing.

So that's why people are watching more long form content.

That's why people are watching three hour podcasts with,

you know, politicians and those things,

which like sounds like hell to most people,

but they're looking for the, they're looking

through something to, to the truth be like, well, you can't,

you can b******t me over 30 seconds,

but you can't b******t me over three hours.

Right? Right. And so the depth that we, that we need

to come from in terms of what we're showing people,

I think is, is just gonna be significantly,

significantly deeper rather than wider of like,

I'll just come up with a new mechanism.

I'll just come up with a new tactic.

And that is good for the good people

and terrible for the terrible people

because you, you can't, you can't innovate.

You can't innovate and outrun it fast enough

'cause the economics don't make sense.

'cause the tension has just got so expensive.

Yep. Yeah.

I think this is a huge lesson for everyone on this call.

No matter your niche, no matter your offer.

What I've observed in our pocket, in the market

that I'm seeing playing out everywhere is the era

of better is over.

And the era of different is here.

When we got started a few years ago,

there were like king kings and queens of the hill.

It was kind of undisputed.

It was like Sam Ovens was the best

at helping people get started.

And for a lot of people, he was the best at helping get

people get to a hundred KA month.

And it was hilarious. Like, who,

who here has ever created a $5,800

offer, right, James?

Okay. So there's a, there's

a, there's a handful of people here.

The reason I ask that is

because that was what Sam priced up level,

and that was the price point he told everyone to price at,

uh, to get to a hundred KA month.

And so when I first started in,

in my coaching journey in 2020, like

with my own official program,

the number one most common thing I saw over the next

18 months was everyone charged $5,800.

In other words, there was like a, there was a,

a perceived best system, a best way of doing it.

It was like you ran ads to A VSL, you had a closer, you,

you were optimizing for these really specific KPIs.

And then you sold a $5,800 offer

that was broken into six weeks

with lifetime access and a call a week.

It was this undisputed, like for a lot of people,

that was the only way, what we're seeing now,

what I'm feeling more than ever is people really

focusing on the values and

vibes of the people they work with.

Like, I caught two minutes

of Sam Oven's like school video update the other day

where they were talking about like,

everything happening in school.

And I found this so funny.

They said, yeah, we've changed the way

that school games runs

'cause we were attracting way too many hustle bros.

And I was like, that's so funny that they're talking about

that as a software company not going, oh,

these guys were like, you know, doing something bad.

It was literally like, oh, they're not the people for us.

And I was like, A software company is saying that,

that they're like, yeah, of all the people

that we would want to attract into curator community,

we are not looking for the hustle bros.

The probably the underlying theme is like, they can go over

to Wop or GHL,

but what we're trying to cultivate here is different.

And the encouragement for everyone on this call is this idea

that the idea of best and better do not exist.

This idea of an objective king, queen category, like winner,

it doesn't exist in our market.

And so the more we try and play that game,

the more we are guaranteed to lose.

And every one of our markets, there's someone

who makes more than us, been in the game longer,

has more accolades, more client success stories.

And the more you try to play that game,

you will always find someone who's willing

to outwork you out, sacrifice you let, like, has,

has less morals than you, has less integrity than you

when you commit to the different game.

Oh, I'm no longer trying to be better than James.

I'm trying to be damn Bolton all of a sudden abundance.

I'm no longer trying to run an ad

that's better than someone else's.

I'm no longer trying to run a workshop

or write a book that's better than someone else's

or is the best.

I'm simply trying to be better at self-expression,

letting my convictions be felt, my values, the vibe of

who I am come through in everything I do.

And this idea of a personal brand, uh, it's,

it's obviously not a new idea.

I believe in it more than anything.

The fact that I could shut my whole business down today

and I could start a brand new business in a different niche

with a different offer, different prices,

different deliverables, and I would have my first a hundred

customers in the first week is a powerful feeling

because that's the power of a brand.

I've been asked for marriage coaching, parenting coaching,

which is hilarious 'cause I'm definitely

not qualified for either.

But that's what happens when you start to connect

with people at a deep level, is they don't just see you

as Dan, the business coach that helps

people get to a hundred K month.

They see you as Dan Bolton human who has these values,

these convictions, and maybe a life that people want

to emulate or a little bit of a taste of.

And I just think I'm like so, so passionate about this

because I think everything's become so much more abundant.

The the playing field has never been more level.

There is no category king or category queen of our markets.

It truly is like, you could have a sales conversation

with someone and they might be looking at someone's offer

who's cheaper or is better, you know, quote unquote.

But they will choose to work with you

because of the type of person that you are,

because of the values that you hold

and the way that you resonate with them at a deep level.

And I, uh, that just makes me so damn excited.

And I don't know if it's always been as true today.

I I don't know if it's always been as true as it is today.

I think the world is moving more and more towards that.

I, I, I think it is as, as we've lost trust in, um,

in general, as we have lost trust in what we are told

from the top down, then it's inevitable that people look

for different sources of truth down to the individual unit,

which is who is this person?

Who are they really? And not, can I trust them

to give money, but can I trust them with to care for me?

Yeah. Right. Because we're in the, we're not in the business

of scaling, um, businesses where if we scale care,

then we scale the business, right?

Yep. And we're not in the education business anymore.

We're kind of in the infotainment business.

So we need a little bit of info

and quite a bit of entertainment for the right person.

Yep. And we're not in the community business anymore.

We're in the culture business.

Like what culture are you building, creating,

facilitating, and those things.

So they're, they're just,

they're just the trends and the,

and the spectrum that just moves

along as people go through it.

But like fame has always been the

most efficient business model.

Yeah. It's just got a shitload of trade-offs around it that,

um, that, that potentially need to be managed.

Yeah, a hundred percent. Should we talk about ai?

I know you've been doing some stuff with it.

I've been going deep. Uh, it's,

it's obviously a topic on everyone's minds.

Uh, I'll just preface this by saying

I see the market, our, our community.

Let's just talk about the people in this room.

I imagine a lot of people are split,

they're either not doing anything with it

or they're doing way too much.

Like, like I talk to clients sometimes

and they have a very clear bottleneck in their funnel,

and they're like, yeah man, I've just been spending last

week creating an AI bot that replies

to people's comments on my Facebook post.

And I'm like, brother in Christ, that is not worth doing.

Like, this is not a problem to solve.

And so I think like, it, finding how

to leverage this in such a way that it's actually beneficial

that it actually moves the needle is very, very challenging.

I feel like I'm finding more of a sweet spot.

What have, what have you been working on ai

and more specifically, like how do you,

how are you thinking about it now for businesses like ours?

I'm, I'm thinking of rather than, uh, um,

the conversation around the AI reminds me

of the conversation, and I'm old enough

to remember this about marketing automation.

When marketing automation first came out, and believe it

or not, it hasn't existed forever.

When marketing automation first came out, people were like,

I'm gonna automate everything.

And what people did was they automated s****y process.

So there's this like,

I'm gonna automate all these emails, but they were s**t emails.

I'm gonna automate this, you know, this, this web flow.

But it was a, it was a s****y flow.

And so AI's kind of the same, is that it's only as good

as the things you feed it, right?

And so people have tried to delegate work

to AI rather than taking the time to understand what work

needs to be created.

So I'll give you, I'll give you an example

about how, how I think about it.

If someone starts working with me, the, the, the,

the central pillar of what we need is a,

is a good offer, right?

And a good offer is only the one that's validated

and responded to by the marketplace.

You know, their marketplace in general.

That in that initial time, if we're starting from scratch,

or even if we're doing something that will take seven

to 14 days to get something,

unless someone's a hyper action taker, something that is

market ready and valid, you know, validation.

So there's a lag time between getting in the market and,

and learning that is just filled

with work labor.

The most important thing is if the market responds to it.

So you've got a minimum viable offer that you need

to put in the market and get a response from.

We know that if we have best, even with best practices,

we need all these things to do it.

And then the market responds.

So how I think about it, if an AI tool can get

that MVP in five minutes rather than 10 days,

then we spend the, the, the time that we have saved

learning about the offer in the marketplace where, where,

where it actually matters, right?

We can sit there and f*****g go through the Google Doc

and pick out words and those things we don't really know

until it hits the market.

Mm-hmm. We don't really, really know much.

We've got a good guess,

but that, that's the best as we can do.

Yeah. And so if we cut that time by using a tool,

we get the labor of, we get the, the time back that we used

to spend on labor and thinking about it and,

and those things to get an MVP in the market.

And we can steer the car that isn't parked anymore

in the marketplace, which is why do

people think it's too expensive?

Why aren't they buying? Why don't they,

why are they ghosting me and not understand it?

Like, the important stuff that actually

gets you feedback from the thing that matters,

which is the marketplace.

Yeah. So I see the AI tools as just as an extension

of our main job in business coaching, if you like,

which is time compression.

Yeah. What tasks can be compressed now

that allow us to spend more time where it matters,

spend more time in the marketplace,

spend more time creating, spend more time with clients,

spend more time, or whatever it is,

because we can use a tool to compress the time,

then we can have more time doing things that are important.

Yeah. But it doesn't save us from the, the, it doesn't,

it won't save us from the work in totality.

We've got to, we've got to have the right inputs

to get the right outputs.

Yep. I agree. I think like AI

is not coming for all coaches.

It's coming for bad coaches

and AI assisted coaches are gonna crush.

I believe I really gonna crush,

or at least like disrupt the market significantly for people

who are still trying to do it all themselves.

Like it's 2017.

And it was funny when you talked about

how automations, uh, with a big rage.

I remember like when I stepped into Taki's world

and people learned that they could do stuff with VAs

and they're like, yeah, I've figured out how

to get my VA to create all my content.

And then you look at their posts and you're like,

I can tell it's terrible.

Don't do it. Right? Um, and AI feels similar.

It's like, I, I use AI for this and this and this,

and I think for me, like

how I'm just very pragmatically using it for anyone

who wants to get better with these tools is number one,

I talk through challenges

and opportunities with chat GBT all the time.

And I, when I say talk through, I mean,

I almost literally never type anything into a chat

GBT prompt box ever.

I click the little microphone thing and I rant at it.

Sometimes it's two minutes.

I have my record, I think is like 18 minutes of just like,

just jamming on everything.

And I got this from Ty Lopez.

He, Ty Lopez said he walked chat GBT through everything

to do with all of his businesses and all of his net worth,

and said like, give me a hundred different counterintuitive

approaches to how I can reduce my taxes

and like, decrease my liabilities, increase my net worth.

And he said it was like life-changing for him.

So I was like, great, I'm never talking.

I'm never typing ever again. I'm just talking.

The second thing is, is

that I'm really identifying the places we are.

Delivery feels heavy for me,

or marketing feels heavy for me.

And I'm trying to figure out how can

chat GPT help me with this?

So to your point, James, uh, you talked about

how people struggle with offers.

So I had the smart idea of in January, I, I,

I glad I framed it as an experiment,

but I said, Hey everyone, for January,

I'm reviewing your VSLs and your offers.

And again, this is the self

abandonment theme coming through.

Again, I'm just here to help everybody.

And, uh, man, I'm glad it was 30 days.

'cause basically I just repeated myself for 30 days

because everyone's offers are more

or less like broken, unclear, muddy in the same places.

Same with the VSLs.

So I've spent the last two weeks

building out a GPT called the messaging architect

that can now review offers better than I can.

And I know this because it rewrote my offer

for me this morning, like not from scratch.

Like, Hey, chat GPTI uploaded 270 pages of all

of my emails from the last two years,

and then I gave it my offer.

And I said, right, let's like imagine

you are my ideal client.

Let's actually work through this line by line.

I want you to challenge me. Where is it vague?

Where is it unclear? Where does it not, uh,

where do you not think it will resonate with my audience?

So I've been doing that. The second thing is I'm building

out a GPT to help clients build out curriculum.

So this will both be pragmatic things, like they do a call

with a one-to-one client or a group call.

This will then you add the transcription.

This will then create a cheat sheet for that training.

Or on the flip side, you have the idea you want

to build out a module

and then you can build out a ready to go document

that will then, uh, you know, do that.

The second thing is I've created something

that knows my voice really, really, really well.

And I'm helping it, uh, have it helping,

having it help me rewrite ideas

and thinking I gave it a thousand pages of my content.

So it's taken me about two weeks

to kind of put this together.

And the stuff that it's coming up with is amazing

because it's pulling from my brain,

but stuff that I've forgotten, like I've taught

for dozens of hours on content.

So when someone asks me a question today,

I'm pulling from my most recent thoughts,

but there's probably a whole lot

of past thoughts that I'm neglecting.

So I've uploaded transcriptions,

I've uploaded two years worth of Facebook posts and emails.

And so now it's like my second brain.

Um, so I think for everyone on this call,

the simplest next step is identify areas where delivery,

marketing or sales,

really anything in your business feels heavy.

And then take those areas to chat GBT and rant at it

and ask it for help.

And if you simply do that, it will be smart enough

to at least give you some place to start.

The thing I personally wouldn't do is allow yourself

to get lost in the weeds of AI

and be researching AI tools

that really have no effect on your business.

Unless of course it's enjoyable.

Do not mistake productive procrastination for momentum.

Like, don't go deep on AI tools

and then wonder why you're not making any money.

It's because you're not making offers.

You're not creating content. You're simply sitting there

trying to figure out a better AI clipping tool than the last

one you had that was already good enough.

So those are the big things that are on my mind with chat

with AI and chatt PT

Yeah. If you look

at it as really task-based, you know,

what problem am I trying to solve

and how do I compress that time, then it's super useful.

Like, for example, um, meta ads burn through creative,

like I've never seen in my whole life nowadays

because the a the audience size is so big.

So I, I'm selling, uh,

basically a two hour workshop in my front,

one in my front end products, right?

So I dumped the whole thing into Opus Clip,

which is a clipping software,

and it gave me 50 shorts back, right?

Yeah. And then I do no discernment.

I just pick the top 10 and I put them into an ad. Yeah.

And, and then I let the AI meta AI sort through it

because it just dumps creative in there.

And I'm gonna, I'm gonna take all 40 videos now

and put them in the ads

because it's just gonna run through the, the content.

Yeah. So that's the, rather than coming up with 40 unique,

um, pieces of content for an ad Yeah.

The AI takes that, breaks it down and, and feeds it

and I feed it, and then that cuts the, um, the launch time

by days.

Yeah. The other, the other thing

that I've been thinking about in terms of, um,

Wait, can we just speak to this for one, one quick moment?

Mm-hmm. Because I messaged you about one

of these ads the other day, and this ad showed up on my feed

and it was like one of the worst ads I'd seen

because literally it's a video

and the first like five seconds

of the ad James is just silent.

He's just sitting there like, it's like on a call.

And then he like comes in with a thought.

And I literally messaged him. I said, this is so I

Bet it's working. Yeah.

I said, this is so weird.

I wouldn't be surprised if it's working.

And he was like, yeah, it's, that's, and um, I just wanna,

That's the stupid thing.

I know. I just wanna speak to this. Really,

It works so well Because this could be one

of the best things that people get from this call.

Last month I spent, uh, I dunno if Logan's on the call

and he can drop it in the chat, he runs my ads.

I don't know how much I spent, it was not much,

it was less than a hundred dollars a day in ads.

And I got 14 clients in at,

in my $350 a week offer.

So I think my ROI was like 30

or 40 x, which is really crazy.

And this is my, this is, if anyone who's running ads,

I want you to write this down.

The best ads don't feel like ads.

And the best VSLs don't feel like VSLs.

So I had, I've got someone in my pipeline right now

that looks like he's gonna come on it

as a $12,000 a month client.

He's at 600,000 a month.

He has 2 million followers on Instagram,

a million on on TikTok.

He watched my VSL

and he was like, number one, I loved that you had no script.

It just felt so real, which is a hundred percent true.

I literally just ranted for 18 minutes.

The second thing was, is that he said it really spoke to him

because it felt like I was just sharing

the experience that I'd been through.

And so I think it's so important to think counterintuitively

to how you think the, the thing should look right.

We think an ad we psychologically go into,

like I'm writing an ad, I'm trying

to be incredibly persuasive.

We lose all the rawness, the, the conversational tone,

the authenticity, the best ads do not feel like ads.

So literally my best performing ads right now are just

boosted content that's worked, that worked organically.

And I don't change anything for the ad.

I literally just boost it.

And my VSL has gone from like slides pretty polished

to now just me ranting at a camera for 18 minutes

and it's converting even better.

So I think I, I know I interrupt your flow,

James, but I just wanna speak to that.

'cause I think your ad strategy makes no sense to me

as someone who spent millions on ads.

And it makes every bit of sense to me

as someone who's realized the counterintuitive nature of

what actually works and what actually appeals

when everyone zigs you zag.

And I think that's a very powerful tool

to increase conversions.

Oh, just as, just to close the humor of about

how bad the ads are,

the other highest converting ad is a screenshot

of the landing page is the image of the ad.

It's not fair, but it works. Yeah.

The, the where,

where I can see me ending up this year is not creating

anything for marketing that

the, the tools will essentially

just package up all the creating I do every single week.

Right. Um, the, and I'm doing more proactive with that.

Like on the circle call on Tuesday,

we talked about positioning

and I went through the five pillars, right.

And then I clipped the first 12 minutes of that video out

and then put it out there as a video.

Mm-hmm. That's not marketing,

that's just stuff I already made distribution.

Yeah. And so I think AI tools as well are amazing for this

because it can just, um, it can speed up our distribution.

Mm-hmm. And if we speed up our distribution, then

we end up making, getting in front

of more people and making more offers.

Yeah. So especially as, as, um,

if you coach, if you mentor, if you consult, if you're like,

you are making so much stuff in any given week.

Yeah. You are making hours

of content just by talking to people.

Like, we are making things right now. Right.

We can dump this into Opus clip and have weird

and random clips that are gonna show up on the internet in

the next few days.

Yeah. But the, the, um,

and I try to get, I try to get my, my folks

to think about asset creation.

Like, yeah, you are making a product,

you're making a Google Doc, you're writing this thing,

you're making it for a client.

You know, you might be making it for one

person, but that's an asset.

So what, yeah. What can you create from that?

What can you create from that? Yeah.

So the leverage available to us now is just absurd.

Yeah. Now that we can close the gap with that. Yeah.

And the, we are making so much stuff.

Even if you are not, um, even if you don't have

that many clients right now, even if you are,

you are making hours of stuff right now.

Yeah. A hundred percent.

Um, one of the last things I wanna finish up

with is on messaging and content

and sharpening your content.

Mm. I think the best content reads, like

you are walking through someone's day.

So I'll give you an example. When we say things like,

and I want everyone to think about their own offer

and their own niche here for a second,

oftentimes we we generalize people's struggles,

which dehumanizes their experience.

I'm gonna say that again. Oftentimes we generalize people's

struggles, which means we de human their

dehumanize their experience.

So what that looks like is, if,

if we are working in a market

where someone is not getting leads, what do we say, ah,

you're struggling to get leads,

but what does that practically look like for them?

If you were to, you know, as the old marketing quote says,

enter into the conversation happening in their minds,

then maybe you might say something like,

you wake up on Monday to another week

of no sales calls booked.

And I've just come up, I came up

with this framework a few weeks, uh, a few days ago, sorry,

of this idea of surface signals that, that it,

it's not the problem, but it's the symptom.

And when you can articulate the symptom really, really well,

if you can articulate it well enough,

people will assume you know how to solve it.

Sam Ovens was world class at this.

Someone asked him, how is it that your funnel,

your webinar has made $50 million?

And he said, it's

because I know exactly

what happens in my ideal client's day from the moment they

wake up to the moment they go to sleep.

And so when you think about your ideal clients,

and I've been really workshopping this through all

of my messaging through sales pages, VSL uh, offer doc,

do not generalize where you can get specific.

So don't say like, um, you know, not getting enough leads

or, uh, you're not sell, you're not getting enough clients.

It's like, you know, you just got,

you just got back from a sales conversation

and you've got another, you got

another, let me think about it.

Right? That's real. People can feel that.

Or you've been checking Stripe like a crack addict

and still nothing's coming through.

You're trying to find that like visceral sense of emotion

where people feel seen.

And then on the flip side,

what is the transformation that you offer?

What does that look like on the other side?

Well, you wake up on Monday with, with three

to five calendar, uh, three

to five sales calls already booked on your

calendar with dream prospects.

So instead of just saying, we go from no leads to leads,

from no calls to calls, you try

and like, um, make it more specific, make it more real.

And I, I've just observed for this, when,

when I really focus in on this, people think

that I'm speaking directly to them, right?

When, when I was a preacher

and we would speak on stage,

the best compliment you could ever get is someone says, man,

it felt, it felt like you're speaking just to me.

And the best content creates that kind of connection.

And so just this idea of pain signals, what are the signals

and the symptoms that they're experiencing, how does

that show up in their life that shows that they're stuck

or misaligned or not where they wanna be?

Right? Then dream signals.

What are the things they want to feel?

What do they want their calendar to look like?

What do they want their life to feel like?

And the more specific you can get it,

when you disappear from the, the general, like,

you're not losing weight.

It's like while you're standing in your,

your pantry at 11:00 PM eating another midnight snack,

you told yourself you were never gonna eat again.

Right? The more visceral

and emotional you can connect with people through that way,

the easier it is to make money.

Because people go, oh, oh, you know, you know my situation

A hundred percent.

And to, to add to that, the closer to the event,

um, the, the closer the event happens

to the content, the better.

So I joke that, you know,

the best posts are written on the toilet,

which is literally, I'll have a conversation in here

with someone and I get an insight or something will happen,

and then I'll go next door and write the post.

Right? The this, if you find something, you have an insight

and the speed with which it happens

and the speed that you can tell the story back, it feels

more real and relevant 'cause it's happened in real time.

And social media has also trained people

to think in 24 hour cycles.

'cause all the content disappears

after 24 hours in most cases, right?

So the, the, when something good happens to a client,

or when you get an insight

or when something happens to you with the story, the speed

with which you transfer

that event into telling the story about that event

and giving it, you give it much more physical place.

Uh, I was on, I was on Zoom

with a client today and he told me about this.

And I, and I, and I,

and I decided this, the faster you can close the gap

between something happening that's worth talking about,

and you talking about it in terms of content, the more alive

that content feels, it feels more real, more fresh,

more relevant because it just happened.

And we are tuned into things that are just happening.

Now, if you try to tell stories of like, yeah,

one year ago my clients act did this, it's,

it doesn't feel as relevant.

Ency is Huge, but it doesn't feel as relevant.

So if you can close the gap between insight interesting

and into, into creation, your content will feel more alive

and more people will follow you because you are in motion

and you're proving that you are in motion by demonstrating

that you are doing something all the time in real time

and taking people somewhere

Completely. I think

that's huge. Um, how are you doing for time, dude?

I know we've gone 90 minutes.

Do you have a few minutes to

answer questions or we need to go?

Yeah, yeah. Um, I got

Cool. Got absolutely nothing

to do.

So firstly I would just love, yeah, me neither.

I've got nothing on the rest of the day.

Um, I'm gonna go to the sauna

and the cold plunge at some point. Um, uh,

I'm gonna go to your, I'm gonna go

to your sauna later as well. Oh,

Amazing.

Uh, so I would love everyone to just take stop for a second.

We've obviously covered a lot, a lot of ground.

This isn't your typical like teachy workshop,

but my hope is there's been an aha, a shift,

uh, like a takeaway.

I would just love for you to just drop it in the chat.

Like what, what's been a shift, an aha, an insightful moment

that you feel like, okay, I needed to hear this today.

If I take one thing from this call,

that's the only thing that I need.

Just drop that in the chat and then we'll

shift towards questions.

Um, obviously there'll be certain questions that will be

so in depth or require so much more context.

We might not need to, I might not be able to get to them.

Um, but if there's any questions, especially on some

of the stuff that we've talked about,

or maybe other things you think relate to this format

and this style, um, then by all means you can ask that.

So either drop an insight or a takeaway

or a question in the chat

and we can hang around for a few minutes.

Thi this is a, probably a good question.

There's a lot of context here,

but like this whole, how do I break

through my imagined 40 KA month limit

to a hundred K month limit? Um,

I'm just, I I'm gonna, I, I've already answered that one,

uh, about a week ago,

but I'm gonna, we'll, we'll tap in. I, I, I, I I'll, uh,

He's, he's clearly asking, asking for my one.

He's clearly asking for me then. Yeah, yeah,

Exactly. Um, no,

so let me just quickly get the context on here.

32 KA month have two tiers.

One to one is with 300 a week group is 4, 4, 4 a month.

Um, imagining in my mind, 40 k month being a limit is I have

so only much capacity at people.

So only have so much capacity at one-to-one.

People love the one-to-one offers as you know.

Where do you find people break through to, let's say,

78 KA month when they're in near capacity at

three to 30 to 40?

Firstly, some, some capacities are

completely imagined, right?

Like, like the question you have to really think through is,

number one, what does one-to-one look like right now?

What are the constraints? So for example, for me,

when I was, uh, in 2023, I,

I was doing $95,000 a month in profit with one-to-one,

and it was two 30 minute calls a month with 30 clients.

So I was making great money in seven

and a half hours of delivery a week.

Time-wise, I technically had

capacity for way more than that.

I mean, why couldn't I do 60

clients and make double the money?

Well, the first constraint was energetic.

It was like, yeah, I could technically fill my calendar

with more people, but that sounded like hell to me.

So one of the things I did when I really got sick

of servicing people one-to-one via call is I moved everyone

to Slack and then we had almost no calls

and we just did everything through Slack.

And all of a sudden this, this sacred cow of this is

what one-to-one needs to look like was killed

because I retained everyone

and people got like, great results.

And I was like, oh, this is very interesting.

So the first thing you wanna look at is

what artificial constraints am I creating for myself

by thinking it needs to be done this way?

Right? When, when I first got started

with one-to-one coaching,

I was doing one one hour session a week,

and then I worked with Hormoz in 2021

and we did two 30 minute calls a month.

And I was like, well, this was effective.

I'm gonna try that. The second thing is, uh,

price point is huge, right?

So like, if you hit capacity, that's a great moment

to hike your prices either with existing clients

or with, uh, new clients coming in.

Like, I was talking to one of my friends the other day

who said that she, she's a stick and poke tattoo artist

and she's based in LA and she's at capacity

and can't make more money.

And so I was like, well, if you doubled your prices

and half your schedule, you would make the same amount

of money but work half as hard.

But even if you didn't go as aggressive as that, right,

there's probably capacity for you to appeal

to a higher level person.

And so pricing is obviously not, uh, in a vacuum.

You can't just raise prices exponentially.

The thing that I would say is that like,

is there a comfortable bump where you can do 10% or 20%

and kind of test and see how that feels.

The second thing is what kind of positioning would you need

for people to perceive a higher value

through your one-to-one coaching so

that it's worth charging more?

But honestly, the key thing is, is that, like Jay,

I know you're on the call right now.

Do you just wanna drop in the chat right now?

Are you actually bumping up against the capacity

or are you perceiving the capacity

as there? I'll, I'll add,

I'll add to this insight as well.

One-to-one can be productized

just like everything else.

And one of the base assumptions of one-to-one is

that it's blank slate custom, that you are reactive

and responsive to the person on the other side

rather than directional.

And so one of the, one of the scaling challenges in the,

in Jay's current format with one-to-one is it's

personalized output.

There's a message, there's a custom message going

to each person multiple times a week when

that can be productized, which is these messages goes the,

to these clients privately on the, on this schedule.

So yeah, Some, a lot of people get stuck in one-to-one

because they believe it's custom for everybody

rather than directional with higher levels of access

for feedback and response.

So you can course correct. Yep.

So it still needs a path because that's what gives it scale.

The scale is we're all running on this journey,

but we have higher levels of access

to modify the journey as we go along.

So one to one is just as, um, productizes everything else

because you're setting the path,

but you are, um, you are allowing higher levels of feedback

and access so you can course correct.

Yep. Also, there's a greater principle in here

for everyone on the call, which

is you get what you settle for.

And so if right now the banks of the river are

so clearly pointing towards a low friction price

with a desirable outcome of working one-to-one with you,

and you want to, to have the river flow into, um,

your scalable offer, which is obviously it solves a lot

of this, you, number one,

how do I make the scalable offer more appealing from a,

a value perception standpoint?

Number two, how do I increase the price to

where there is really clear value

discrepancy between the two?

So for your ideal clients, it's not,

oh, I'll just do one-to-one.

It's like, some people can't afford it.

And number three, there's so many different ways

that you can pull the lever to

where you don't even offer that.

At the same time, always, if you're trying

to incentivize the group, I got to capacity

with one-to-one really fast in 2023,

and there was no lack of people who wanted to work

with me one-to-one, but my capacity was full.

And then in June of 2023, I launched a group offer

and I had 35 people join at $1,200 a month

in the first 30 days.

Would most of those people want to, if they could afford

to work with me, one-to-one, a hundred percent.

It's just that that wasn't available.

So I made the proximity level that I had capacity

for available, and then that was the main way

that I grew in 2023,

as I just kept adding people into that community.

And so sometimes we become the makers of our own prison.

It's like, oh my gosh, I'm at capacity with one-to-one.

Everyone wants one-to-one. And the answer is like,

you can fix that by making group more appealing, creating a,

a bigger price gap,

and then really making sure

that in your marketing you are subtly positioning

or maybe not so subtly positioning the offer

that you actually want to sell more of.

One, one of the, one of the, um, one

of the more obvious symptoms in, in terms of capacity for

for most people is conversion rates, right?

People trumpet about high conversion rates

where they're actually a counter signal to capacity.

Yeah. If you've got maybe in pricing conversion rate,

you've got massive elasticity in terms of pricing

and you don't want high conversion rates long term.

Yeah. You, you want,

you want majority nos not majority yeses.

Yeah. But a lot of people optimize for majority yeses.

So if you are converting at 80%, you, you,

you don't need to directly invert it, but, you know, yeah.

35 percent's healthy because most, like heuristically,

most people should be saying no.

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why people brag about that.

It's so funny. Well,

'cause it feels good.

No, no, no. But I'm saying it like,

like I'll give you an example.

There's an anecdote that's gonna sound like a big brag name

drop, but this is literally just what's gonna mind for me.

I was in Las Vegas in 2021

with a client called Andrew Scott, amazing human

who coaches restaurants.

And, um, we are at this, uh, kind

of semi-private plane terminal thing.

Very affordable, like semi-private thing in,

in America called JSX,

Very affordable, semi-private,

Not, well, what was crazy is like, it's a 30 person jet

and it was like $300, $400 one way.

So really, like, it's not crazy.

But when we got there, the Hormo was there

and then, um, our flight got delayed.

So long story short, so, um, catch up with Alex and Layla,

'cause I knew them from Zoom and stuff.

And our, this guy was like Fanboying.

One of my client was fanboy, like losing his mind.

So he was like not even sitting with us.

And then eventually he came and sat with us

and you know, they're asking questions

and at some point he slips in like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

I actually have 80% conversion rates.

And without skipping a beat, hormo goes,

oh my gosh, that's horrible.

And the guy's like really taking aback

and he is like, oh man, you charge way too little.

And it was such a powerful moment seeing the penny drop

for my client in such an abrupt way of like, oh wow.

Yeah. What am I doing? This is crazy.

And I think that's a real, like pricing.

I, I have really strong thoughts on pricing

'cause I don't think you should charge a ton of money

and make sales really hard and retention really hard.

You're looking for a sweet spot.

But on the flip side, it's like when I had modern autonomy

last year, I was charging, I want everyone to hear this.

Listen. 'cause it's very, very powerful.

I was charging 297 a month for this is, this is real

for six support calls a week

and unlimited one-to-one with a coach, 297 a month,

cancel any time, right?

We, we got people in,

but it was a nightmare, not the right people.

Then in August

we stripped back from six calls a week to one call a week.

And I, and we removed all one-to-one

and we de we increased the price from 297 a month,

cancel anytime to $150 a week with a 16 week commitment.

No, it was a six month commitment.

We sold more people in

and we attracted way higher quality people

with 80% less delivery.

Then we went to 200 a week and it continued to sell

and we got 30 clients at that price point in August.

Completely automated.

That was a huge, huge lesson for me.

Sometimes this problem we have of not working with the,

the right clients, like clients with really,

really high standards, low work ethic, not the great vibe.

It's a reflection of price

because you get what you settle for.

Yeah. And at different price points

and different goals, the friction levels

will be opposite.

Right? My $9 trial has a very different goal

in terms of friction

and filtering than working one with me one-to-one, right?

Yep. And so the friction management at,

if you've got multiple price points and multiple products

or multiple at, at, at, it's related to

how much proximity the person has, how much access,

what kind of commitments you're making.

Yeah. So the, the, um,

pricing is a filter.

Yeah. Well, do you know this guy, um,

this guy Dan Gogh on X?

Yeah. So I think Vince is still on the call.

Um, he was telling me that he met Dan Gogh.

Dan Gogh's a fitness coach, like a health and fitness coach.

And so he, he probably has an offer,

I could probably guess the price point somewhere in like the

three to $6,000 range.

And, but Vince was telling me he has a hundred thousand

dollars offer And then he sold it.

He sold a few of them.

And there's, there's a really interesting framework pricing

that I think like sometimes it's really, really helpful

to have a super expensive thing

that number one might take more of the level

of support than you, than you want to scale at capacity.

And number two, value anchors everything else.

Like someone reached out the other day, uh, who's one

of the top network marketers in the world

who's become a really good friend of mine.

And she was like, can you help me build the IG funnel?

Like, help me build it out, like do some of it for me.

And normally I would just be like, this is, I would never do

that, but she's really cool.

And I was like, actually, maybe this would be interesting.

So I was like, okay, it's 36 K, right?

Because I had to find a price that I was like,

I'd be willing to do it for this amount.

And also I have no attachment to whether

or not they're gonna say yes.

And I think us like having offers that you are not attached

to selling, but that if it's sold, you'd be over the moon,

I think can be really powerful.

I don't think change your whole funnel

and create an offer that you're depending on

and then make it really, really high priced.

But for some of you you,

you are missing out on a $10,000 VIP day

because it doesn't exist.

You are, you are missing out on like a, I'll fly to you

and we workshop together for two, two days, $20,000 thing.

And having these tiers

and these offers around in your world

that you're not diverting all energy towards,

but simply having them and putting them out into the market

is very, very, very powerful.

And like at a pure strategic level price

anchoring people Yeah.

At higher prices helps everything else.

Oh yeah. And sometimes you don't even know

what demand is in your market until you,

you ask if like offer to satisfy it like in 2021, but

Offers solve everything like A hundred percent.

You have, you have almost

zero downside offering something.

In 2021, I sold six 20 5K one-to-one coaching

spots for 12 weeks.

And I'd never done anything like that before.

And I didn't even know there was anyone who was gonna buy.

And it was, and I did it back then out of the energy

of I need to make money because I was about to move

to America and I felt poor.

And also taxes were expensive.

And so I was like, I need to make some money.

So I was like, I'm gonna offer one-to-one coaching.

And I was like, I'm gonna offer one-to-one coaching

and I sold six spots at 20 5K each.

And then some of those people stayed

for a very long time at $10,000 a month.

And I was like, whoa, I would've never known

that that existed.

Had I not put that out, I would've never known

that demand existed.

And so for some of you, you just need to be playing around,

not just in the bottom end of workshops

and like getting people in.

Just, just be unapologetic

with occasionally just putting out really expensive stuff

and seeing if anyone's gonna buy it.

The worst case is no one buys

and you're in the exact same place that you're in right now.

And the best case is obviously it could change your model

and change your bank account.

Yeah. People, when people were coming to coming to Bali,

they were asking me like, how do I bring my family?

Where do they stay? Et cetera, et cetera.

And I was like, oh,

should get a villa so people can stay in it.

And I just, yeah,

By the way, if you wanna buy mine,

you could buy mine if you wanna do the trifecta.

'cause we're selling our house. So if you wanna build the

trifecta of your own little compound and maybe start a cult

or a gang, I think that'll be Who thinks James,

James should of buy my house?

Of if you think James should buy my house,

just drop a drop a yes in the chat.

You know? I'm kidding. But we do need to put it on the

Market. King, king of the gang. If

I own, yeah.

If I own more than 20% of it, I'm the official king.

A hundred percent. Um, is there any other questions here?

Uh, we had Jim's question, um, uh,

someone asked about soft CTA and YouTube videos.

Um, it was, that was directed at you?

At me. Yeah.

I mean, I'll just say there's no right answer. What's

The, what's the soft one compared to a hard one?

Uh, I imagine it's just like,

Hey, by the way, like, my s**t

Versus check this out.

Yeah, I'd say so. Yeah.

I, I think, I think talking about things is, is is their own

as their own CTA, like, right.

I I think people say call to action is like VSL,

it's a little bit too literal, I think.

Yeah. The a call

to action doesn't is not a sales pitch. It's a suggestion.

Yeah, it's an invitation.

Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's a, that's another

more probably even more useful way to look at it.

Check this out. If you want more of this, click on this.

If you want more of this message me.

If you want, um, more info, um, hit reply.

You know, there,

and I've found that, um, it's not about,

it's not about video, but it's about email.

I found you can have multiple CTAs in one piece of content.

Yeah. I quite regularly now will have a link

to buy something and a PS

or a, a thing on the bottom, which encourages people

to reply for two completely different things.

Yeah. Right. Because all they are is

that all they are is an invitation.

And some people will take up that invitation

or clicking on something and buy it

and other people will take up the invitation of

of, of doing it.

I think, um, the question is what is the natural,

you know, like, like you've been saying, Dan, you know,

signpost, what is the natural next thing to ask them to do?

Or or, or make 'em invite?

Like if you need to have a conversation with someone about,

before you sell them something

or you, you need to have a conversation to,

to make sure it's suitable for them.

Yeah. Just say, reach out. Just have a chat.

The, the, the, the energy behind

what you say is infinitely more important than what you say.

Like, we've all been on the receiving end of an invitation.

That was not an invitation. It was some

form of manipulation.

Like, you know, the mother-in-law or the mother

or the father or the brother.

And they're not making, uh, an invitation.

They're suggesting something very, very strongly.

Like, I get this when I'm in New Zealand.

It's like, not like casual like, Hey,

if you're free this week, like, let

me know otherwise No worries.

It's like, Hey, I'm free these days. When can I come around?

Only if you're free though. No pressure.

But I would really love to see the grandkids.

I may or may not be speaking about a grandparent right now.

And the the energy behind those is that you already know

that there's, there's, there's a wrong answer here, right?

And the easiest way I've found to move people

through a funnel to help them improve their lives

by buying our products is to not care whether

or not they go through the funnel and buy your products.

And I know that's so intangible and counterintuitive,

but I'm telling you, like I have done, I don't know

how many YouTube videos, YouTube has made me so much money.

I have now three videos on there that have a call to action

and they're just the VSLs the different versions.

And then maybe in like 5% of videos, I remind, I remember

to remind people that there is a video in the link.

The number one piece of

of feedback I get from my video content is like that.

I'm not trying to sell people anything, which is ironic

'cause I, I do have something to sell.

I just never think about that thing I have

to sell when I'm creating content.

I do not muddy the waters.

And so whether you make an invitation

or not, both can totally work.

I find that, that I attract better clients when I

assume that they're all smart.

And so if they want to find out more about me,

they'll click the link in the description

or like, like, like, you know,

the reason landing pages exist is

because we are scared that if we send someone on a website,

they're gonna get lost too many buttons.

Oh my gosh, what are they gonna,

and I just, I I've just found to be true for myself,

the more I assume that the people

that follow me are really smart

and know what to do, the more I attract really smart people.

Like, I'll give you an example.

P pragmatically on, on the ad strategy.

The primary ad strategy I have is to grow my Instagram

to get people to follow me.

I used to say in the first sentence, follow Dan Bolton

or follow at Bolton if you are X and want y.

Now I just boost content.

And the CTA on the ad is a part

of Meta meta's like ad structure,

which just says visit Instagram profile.

So I assume my people are smart enough to read a piece

of content that resonates with and go, Hmm, who's this guy?

I don't think I have to tell them to follow me.

They just naturally do.

When I removed the follow me CTAI got more

followers at a cheaper price.

It's the, it's the same thing if when people ask me

how long does the copy need to be right?

I said, as long as it, as long as it needs to be to,

to tell the story you want to tell

or convey the message you want to convey.

Right? The right quote unquote, people will read it

and the wrong quote unquote people won't.

And so it's the, you know,

I firmly believe we're in the ideas business

and if you have high conviction and insight

and passionate about the ideas, then

that's what comes through.

And that's the CTA, that's the only CTA you need.

Elizabeth, uh, who is now,

I I like this question formally Liz, who's now formally Liz.

Yeah. What would you do? I feel

like my answer would be crap.

I wouldn't try and build a community.

I would try and assemble a hundred people

around a single thing that I'd solve for myself

and show them how to do it.

I'd get a hundred guys to show them how to navigate divorce.

I'd get a hundred guys to show them how

to boost their testosterone

or something like that to a thousand,

What's up, what's up with the new,

what's up with the new direction, bro,

I've got it. I've got

it oozing out my portal.

But No, I, I, I wouldn't try, I'd just be really,

really useful and really specific to a hundred people.

Like, I'm come here and I'm gonna show you how to do this

because I would have high confidence

that once I'd showed them how to solve that problem

or fulfill that desire that

that I would've created another one for them to stick around

and enough trust to, to for to, for them

to ask me to help them do it.

Okay. I'm, oh, I'm just using silly example,

but you know, I'll help you navigate divorce

and then I help you find a Brazilian

Wife as if you help them facilitate new divorce. And

Then I help you have far too many children

and then I help you get too many do like, you know, I,

I just think Problems

and solutions stack onto each other

and if we're really useful to somebody,

we're solving a problem

and creating another one in real time.

And I wouldn't think about the long term.

I'd think about being super useful to a hundred people

and I get 'em into it into one place

and I'd show them just how to do that

and then let everything unfold.

And, you know,

the a hundred people would probably dwindle off into,

into kind of 50, but by that time you, you would've had,

you would've brought more people in on the, on the front end

who wanted to solve that particular

problem or fulfill that desire.

I think we're, I think we're really qualified

to do a very small number of things.

Yeah. And we are kind of like, you know, we,

we dabble in the others

and so if we think about what we're really, really qualified

to do, we are extremely useful

to a hundred people on earth right now.

Yeah. How I would think about it is like,

I remove time.

I don't, I no longer think about fastest or slowest

because I just dunno if time exists on a metaphysical

quantum perspective.

And, um, anytime I insist on anything being fast,

uh, even fastest, uh, I lose sight of it.

So how I would think about it is from a,

if you're asking like a pragmatic question,

like not the spiritual side, but the pragmatic,

but that aligns with me is I would create one offer

that gives people a level of support, uh,

that most coaching programs don't.

So I wouldn't make them go through, you know, Sarah

and John, the support coaches

to maybe get me on a support call.

It's like, we are, we are in this together.

Me and this a hundred people are in this together.

The second thing is I would focus on one channel, right?

So I would really, the more, the more I,

the more I think about it strategically, the more I'm like,

maybe email is the best way.

It's just that it just, I just don't like it.

'cause it's just one channel.

Like, it's like, it's just broadcast.

Like you could, you could send,

I could see myself sending like five emails a day in the

future, just literally like treating it like Facebook.

But I would, but I would do that with YouTube.

So whether it's like Instagram and YouTube

or email on YouTube, I probably wouldn't do all

three again anymore.

Um, and I would just, yeah, I, I'm literally just answering

as if I would do it right now.

I'd create a VSL The key thing though

is I would really just say no to anything that that is going

to pull me away from doing what feels most alive to me.

The, the, the short way is always the long way

because the short way never eventuates.

And so then you end up like starting another short way

and another short way and then another fastest path.

And I think the, the way

that I would do it is not too dissimilar to

what I do strategically when I did it.

I think it's much more about allowing myself to say no

to anything that sounds like work.

I think that I make the most money when I do nothing.

Like I, we've talked about this before, James.

I almost entirely get paid to exist.

My definition of getting paid to exist is all of us.

If we had no obligations in the world, maybe

for the next month you would do nothing.

You'd play semi-retired, you'd have fun.

You, you have no money needs. That's great.

At some point though, you'll, you're gonna start

to get the jitters of like,

I actually want to do something with my life.

Whatever you would do with no constraints is,

is your version of existence.

For me. There's no world where I have so much money,

I don't create something that's the stuff I want to do.

It's like why I am on earth.

And so for me, it's just eliminating anything

that feels like work and everyth

and leaning into everything that just feels like I get

to exist and do this.

Like in no way do I feel any level

of work being on this call.

Like, like I'm, dude, look at where I'm sitting right now.

Like, this is so sick. I have a coffee.

I got my electrolytes, I've got some Turkish on the way.

This is unbelievable.

And it's more than just the beach

or the computer or the lifestyle.

It's that I just get to show up and be me.

And I think that's the best gift we could give ourselves in

any way, shape or form is where are we trying to conform

to a version of ourselves that isn't who we really are.

And so the question for me is, uh,

what would I do if it was guaranteed to work?

Like if I knew that a hundred clients was inevitable,

what's the stuff that I would just love to do?

And I think those kinds of questions are really powerful

because it strips away all the obligation

and it allows you to tap into like your true essence.

But, um, the origin point of all my

objectively and subjectively best offers was one person.

Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm conceptualizing how I'm conceptual.

Uh, it's not how I, I know how,

but I'm conceptualizing when I launch a done

for you offer shortly

because I'm, I saw someone get stuck in a place

that they, I can not get them stuck in by execution

around a, a funnel.

And I'm like, if I just did this for this person, it would,

like everything else would flow from it

and this, that, that, that this would be an exponential

intervention for this person.

And that's the same characteristic of like every offer

that is like, it was for, it was

for something I saw with one person

and then it, the scale comes from the trust that

well, if it's really useful

and really good for one person, then

it's probably good for 10.

Yeah. Maybe a hundred and maybe 400. Yeah.

And maybe, and so I think the, there's the,

we have the ability to scratch our own itch

because the other place that a lot of offers,

the best offers come from is scratching my own niche,

but the other place they come from is scratching other

people's where I'm like, I know how to get them out of the,

I know how to get them out of this.

I know how to like, you know, maybe even save them from this

because they're stuck in a funnel builder pushing buttons

and wiring about the f*****g drop shadow

and what color the button's gonna be and all that stuff.

Right. And I know how to solve for this, right?

That, that, that's, that's actually one, one of the point

of the, um, AI tool we're building for, um, workshops, is

that you don't have to go into the funnel builder

because I've seen so many people get stuck there

of like, where's the button going?

It's like, it doesn't f*****g matter.

So the tool doesn't output the funnel.

It outputs the CSS that you copy and paste in the funnel

and you don't need to go near it

because the funnel is the output.

So we skip the bit that I know people get stuck in

because they're dragging boxes around.

And that's how I think about these things of the

scratching a itch that I've got,

but also scratching a itch of one person

because this wonderful thing called the internet has allowed

us to find, you know, before we could find the one person

or, or two or three, and now we can find 10 or a hundred

or a thousand or a million who

who we can help with doing that one thing.

Yeah. And the best offers for me come from one place

for one person and then scale

because you know, it turns out that hundreds

or thousands of people want that.

Yeah,

You're welcome. Elizabeth,

formerly Lizie. Um,

Could I just say, could I just say something else as well?

Like

Can I just, can I just joke about this for a second?

It would be so funny if we just kept talking

until no one was here.

We literally just, just fast forward a few hours

and we're just still like, yeah man.

So I, you know, anyway, I just think it's

so funny just holding everyone captive.

If I was to launch something brand new today,

I would personally invite the first 10 people to it.

I wouldn't, I wouldn't use

attraction, I would use curation.

Right. And I would not be,

that could like go into like

tactically like cold messaging people

and just get it from a, from a sense that, hey,

I've got something that might be might be for you.

Yeah. Because if we're, we only get to start something once,

like, you know, a lot of the things we've built have,

have taken pivots and turns and those things,

but there was only, there was only one set

of initial conditions for everything.

Yeah. And if we're starting again,

the initial conditions we set in terms of the who and the,

and the things we do, I'm talking about for relevancy

matters so much

because that's the initial conditions that we build from.

And so I wouldn't, I wouldn't go out there

and say I'm doing this and this is it

and I'm gonna sell you on this.

I would go, I'd write one page on a Google doc and I'd

and I'd go people and say,

I've got something I'd think you might like.

Yeah. And I, I,

'cause I think you're the person who would add to it.

Because if we,

if we have additive businesses where we bring people in

who improve the environment rather than

I've got another client who's gonna take all the stuff

and then we can build these gigantic flywheels.

And that's not based on what we do,

that's based on who's in it.

Yeah. I don't know if we can all laugh at

how crap I am at marketing,

but there's somewhere, there's some kind of lesson

that I'm reflecting on around this

attraction promotion piece.

I got 14 clients last month that's kind of an average

of like, you know, 10 plus whatever, uh, on a normal month.

And I do very little promotion these days.

Everything's automated.

Basically you'll see probably two stories a month of like,

Hey, if you're on the fence,

you should message me in a circle.

Almost everything else is just VSL doing its thing.

The last three days I emailed the entire list,

like however many, I actually don't know how big my list is.

Let's say it's maybe 9,000, 10,000 people

of like a 72 hour window.

I had not one person come through at that time.

I think, or maybe one, maybe you could count one.

And the more indirect I go with promotion,

the more money I make when I truly to like,

this is, I don't know how to teach this.

'cause I'm like, this is so unhelpful.

Whenever I do not think about making money ever

and I don't think about promotion

and I simply think about creation, I make way more money.

And when I try and go, oh, I'm going to,

I'm gonna promote something, I'm making less money.

I don't know, I know that's obviously not true for everyone.

And across the board, I'm observing this with myself

where I will think about a client

or think about a potential client

and then like three hours later they'll reach out

and it's almost like psychic attraction.

But then when I try and like go

after like promotion, it doesn't work.

And I found, I found this to be, you

and I talked about this a bunch where it's like,

I went really hard with it in August

and got 30 clients in 30 days.

And I was like, man, I, no one could fault me

for being a bad marketer.

It's clearly working. It just doesn't feel like me.

And basically like the more that I promote anything,

the more I hate what I do and the more I just create

and then attract people, the easier everything feels.

And I don't know what the lesson is other than I notice

that I'm getting worse at promotion.

And the more I, the more I talk about working with me,

the less anyone wants to work with me.

And the less I talk about working with me,

the more people wanna work with me.

It's, it's funny, it's funny, I'm running,

I'm running three front-end offers at $9 each

with a $29 bump.

Yeah. And the bumps the same.

And that, um, one ad set one, one product is

front-end profitable slightly.

One's like back and forth between below neutral

and one's not working at all.

Yeah. Then it's hooked up to the cash campaign

and it's selling a a $500

or a $3,000 offer, like automated the whole way through in

the past, uh, Thursday now.

So since Saturday there's been one

to two conversions from the cash campaign every day. Right.

Which is what, how much? Uh, 500 or 3000.

So there's one 3000 and then all the rest for 501 time.

Yeah. So that campaign is now fully profitable.

I'm not sure what the ROAS is,

but, uh, like probably by the numbers it's probably,

you know, three times ROAS and it scales.

Mm-hmm. Right. And I'm bored of it already.

Yeah. Like it's literally

a money printing machine.

Yeah. Right.

And if I keep putting money in

and I keep feeding creative in it

and it will just keep going.

It's like just there. Yeah.

And I, and there's three pages,

11 emails and that's it.

And it's really unfulfilling and really boring.

Oh, I get it. And like now I'm putting

numbers into a spreadsheet.

Yeah. What what's your, what's your point you're getting

at here as in like, it's working and you'll keep doing

It, but making money is boring as in,

and once you know how to do it,

The Yeah. But what do you think

the lesson is for you, like right now?

Like as in is it, is it making you go, do I want to do this

and spend two grand?

'cause for me it was like I was,

I spent $200 to give a client last

Night. I'm get the s**t

Outta it. Yeah. So

talk to us about that.

Because like, 'cause there's a, there's, there's a part

of me that you are saying, boring for me,

I don't care if it'd gimme a 10 x

that's not interesting to me.

I hear boring. And I go like, I don't wanna do that.

But for you, there's something else there.

So what, what do you think that

Is? I it's the, um,

what is it?

It's the ma it's the, I've mastered the, I've mastered,

where's the, where's the upper limits of the game?

Like how far can I push this thing? Oh yeah. Yeah. Right.

And there's gonna be a day, there's gonna be a day in the

next few weeks or the next few months

where I'm like, oh my God.

'cause I'm, my ad spend will be

like five grand or something.

Yeah. And I'll be like, I, there's a big donut on it

and I lose 5K and then I do it the next day

and then I'll be like, I don't like this game anymore.

Sucks. Yeah. It's not fun on those days. Yeah.

I I I think, I think it's the once you,

once you have one or two simple things Yeah.

Then gamifying everything else for interest

and fun is the way that everything else flows.

Yeah. And I think I've been through the cycle enough

to also know that,

um, unleashing that.

So I will teach it and then I'll let other people play

with it and then I'll learn things.

And to me, the learning, the learning is the most fun thing.

Yeah. That when I teach something and someone goes

and like takes some of it,

but it kind of ignores the other things that I told them

to do and makes it work.

I don't go, well you are clearly not a good student.

I go, tell me how this worked. So like Right.

The curiosity of, um,

the curiosity is the most fulfilling thing

because I'm endlessly curious about

how far this funnel thing can go.

Then I'm endlessly curious about how those ideas spread and,

and then curious about what other people can do

to completely break my brain in terms of the assumptions

that I've made to do it,

to teach me something that makes me better.

And that that's the, that's the, the quest

of mastery is like, okay, now I've, I've got this idea

and I've got it working and now I need to let it go

because I don't really know s**t.

Right. It's that someone else is gonna come along

and, you know, buckle the assumptions

that I thought I had about this, about how what's good

and what's bad and, and, and do a better job than

me is exciting.

It's not Yeah. Yeah. It's not threatening at all. Well

I think like this is the no, the old ancient wisdom

of know thyself.

And this is why I think you

and I have been able to collaborate

so much over the years is like,

we are very similar in conviction

and values, which is why we are such good friends.

And how that expresses itself can in some instances be

similar and in other ways be different.

So like you, someone asked a question about your

$10 million a year goal.

And um, for me, like one of the differences that I,

I found at least, I don't know if this is com

completely true for you.

Um, but you seem

to be less distracted when you do have money goals.

And I feel really distracted when I have money goals.

Mm-hmm. Like, I, like I wouldn't I,

if you ever see me publicly talking about like,

I'm gonna make this much money.

I'm telling you all right now I'm super off track.

Like send me to a shaman in brew.

Like Dan's back on the ba back on the business hams wheel.

'cause it's so uninteresting to me,

the most money I've ever made

with ease has always been accidental.

It's never been, 'cause I had a money goal.

Literally every time I've said I wanna make this much money,

I personally go off track.

And so like when you talk about this funnel, like I

Do, you can I, can I share something?

Yes. I, I knew

modern autonomy wouldn't work for you.

I knew it would work when you told me

how much money it was gonna make.

Yeah.

What do you mean? Before I launched or after?

Before. Oh yeah, yeah.

Because you had this very rational

output and I'm like, yeah,

Yeah. Which is not me

at

All. Your mass is

correct. It will do that a hundred percent.

And then it did do that. Yeah.

And then I also knew that it wouldn't do it for you.

Oh, completely. When, when you explained,

when you said this is how much money it's gonna make.

And I was like, your your working is correct.

Yeah. Like literally I just wanna get paid to exist.

I'm trying to gamify it so much where my business model is.

So like literally there's not an ounce

of obligation in anything.

That's the game for me.

And then it's like how much money can that bring in?

Like that's a fun game to play as a byproduct.

But anytime I've focused on money outside

of my first 10 KA month, it's only brought me misery.

It's never brought me closer to my higher self.

I've never become a better human because I set a money goal.

There's, there's no version of us that's instantly happier

because we doubled our income.

Like you can create freedom,

but you don't just instantly create a new version

of yourself that has a higher baseline happiness,

a lower baseline stress level simply

because you make more money

and in most cases you double the money.

You doubled the stress

In most cases. Yeah. Yeah.

No, of course not every case.

But it's like that, that for me has been a huge, huge, um,

lesson for me is money is a terrible north

star for me personally.

Creativity, self-expression. How do I gamify the system?

So I feel like I'm a glitch in the matrix

who somehow tapped into the infinite money supply on World

of Warcraft and has found the cheat code.

That's the game I want to play.

Yeah. The paid to exist frame is is

is available to everybody.

Yeah. Uh, Manuel asked, this is my first call here.

Do we get a replay? A hundred percent.

You get a replay, um, in the respective community.

Dan, Dan doesn't, Dan doesn't have a Zoom password

so it's VA's gotta do it.

That also might be accurate.

I think that's, that's uh,

when you were talking about building landing pages

before, I was like, oh man, I've not done that in years.

I don't even know how to log in to go high level.

I don't know how to send an email and go high level at all.

I send my VA at WhatsApp message

and I say email, entire list, subject this, message this.

And then she sends it, which means it's

completely on her time zone.

So I can never send an email on real time. And it's amazing.

Um, guys, we should probably call it, 'cause honestly James

and I could gas bag here all day.

Um, I hope it's been insightful for you

to at least like pull away, pull a couple

of threads from our rants to just self-reflect If

we could distill anything.

I know I speak for James when I say like,

literally the most important advice is like, find the thing

that works best for you and do that.

Do you feel like that's a fair summarization James?

Or do you feel like it's more about like, uh,

get high testosterone and marry a Brazilian

Well cool. A call,

book a call.

I've got a $4,800 offer to sell sell

You this, this too could be yours. Can

I tell a, can I tell a really quick story? Yeah.

I mean guys, guys, you're allowed to jump off at any point

In the, in the early, in the early days of Uplevel

with Sam, if you got

to, I think it was a million.

You got a, you got a VIP day.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. On a jet. I didn't get a jet.

Oh you well you that was the whole

thing. You got a jet. Sorry. Anyway,

I better message him now and say you

f*****g owe me a jet man.

Um, but you got a VIP day

and he is like, um, I was in Auckland at the time

and he said, I'm coming back, um,

coming back to New Zealand this day.

And I was like, oh, that works. And

so I met him at Sky City in Auckland

and we, um, hung out, went to breakfast

and then um, we'd spent the day together.

Right. Just, we're just kind of wandering around

and sitting at different places and, and,

and um, I was selling e-commerce engine at the time

and you know, I'd done my first mill

and it was, it was good.

And like what do I do next?

And you know, you know, the, um, the only advice I came away

with put the price up to 4,800.

It was two and a half grand at the time.

It was like, it was like just, just put the price up

and I made one change to the whole thing

and I put the price up the next day and sold it on the phone

and like nothing changed and then I just made more money.

So Yeah, if you haven't,

if you haven't had a 4,800 later on, it was 5,800

and then it was 6,800.

Um, offer. Where have you even been for the last 10 years?

Yeah, bro. Scaling

Hustle bros. I

liked that one. I thought that was funny.

Um, yeah, Sam's such a funny dude.

Dude, I really, I hung out with Sam twice when during Covid

and after the second time I thought to myself,

we probably don't need to do that again.

'cause I felt like we talked about

everything we could possibly talk about.

It was like the first day was like three,

three hours of four hours.

The second day was three hours

and it was just like, yeah, I'm think, I think I'm good.

Nah, not to say anything about Sam.

I just felt like we, we, it was only deep chat

and there was no chemistry of e ease

of just hang, hanging out.

No, I felt like we exhausted all of the esoteric,

esoteric angles of online acquisition and religion and life.

Um, cool man. I appreciate you.

I love your time and uh, yeah, all the best.

All the best with the new birth dude.

Yeah, she's, we're going for a walk soon, so we'll try and

Get her do some star jumps.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool.

We might, I might have to come over a Bali sometime soon

because I gotta declutter this house to sell it.

I'm just wondering if I can do it

virtually so I don't have to come.

Oh, I'll go next door now and just remove half the stuff

and put it in the, in the new

Folder. Dude. Anything in

my office man, go check it out.

Go check it out. 'cause we have so much stuff there. Yeah.

So much stuff in that office. It's just

I know. Go take it.

Go rob me

Like an Apple store.

This is what I do. This is how I work dude.

I buy something to see if I like it

and then I like, I have a 16 inch MacBook Pro there.

Tried it out. Wasn't for me,

but now I've tickled that part

of my brain where I'm like, your

Whole family hates Apple watches as well.

There seems to be a few of those around. Yeah,

I've got, I had an Apple watch

and now I don't, I know I had, I had three.

Um, yeah, just fighting what works for me man. Exactly.

Um, alright. Sending you and, uh, everyone on the call.

Ton of love. Chat soon. Bye guys. Bye.