# JK Training Transcripts Collection 6
This file contains 7 transcripts from James Kemp's training sessions.

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 36 New Transcripts James   Part 11

---
title: New Transcripts James - Part 11
type: transcripts
source_files: New Transcripts James.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: client, framework, leverage, offer, profit, scale, strategy
token_count: 4740
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.800977
---

# New Transcripts James - Part 11

. It just felt so real, which is a hundred percent true. I just ranted for 18 minutes. The second thing was, is that he said it really spoke to him because it felt I was just sharing the experience that I'd been through. And so I think it's so important to think counterintuitively to how you think the, the thing should look right. We think an ad we psychologically go into, I'm writing an ad, I'm trying to be incredibly persuasive. We lose all the rawness, the, the conversational tone, the authenticity, the best ads do not feel ads. So my best performing ads right now are just boosted content that's worked, that worked organically. And I don't change anything for the ad. I just boost it. And my VSL has gone from slides pretty polished to now just me ranting at a camera for 18 minutes and it's converting even better. So I think I, I know I interrupt your flow, James, but I just wanna speak to that. 'cause I think your ad strategy makes no sense to me as someone who spent millions on ads. And it makes every bit of sense to me as someone who's realized the counterintuitive nature of what works and what appeals when everyone zigs you zag. And I think that's a very powerful tool to increase conversions. Oh, just as, just to close the humor of about how bad the ads are, the other highest converting ad is a screenshot of the landing page is the image of the ad. It's not fair, but it works. Yeah. The, the where, where I can see me ending up this year is not creating anything for marketing that the, the tools will just package up all the creating I do every single week. Right., the, and I'm doing more proactive with that. on the circle call on Tuesday, we talked about positioning and I went through the five pillars, right. And then I clipped the first 12 minutes of that video out and then put it out there as a video. Mm hmm. That's not marketing, that's just stuff I already made distribution. Yeah. And so I think AI tools as well are amazing for this because it can just, it can speed up our distribution. Mm-hmm. And if we speed up our distribution, then we end up making, getting in front of more people and making more offers. Yeah. So especially as, as, if you coach, if you mentor, if you consult, if you're, you are making so much stuff in any given week. Yeah. You are making hours of content just by talking to people., we are making things right now. Right. We can dump this into Opus clip and have weird and random clips that are gonna show up on the internet in the next few days. Yeah. But the, the, and I try to get, I try to get my, my folks to think about asset creation., yeah, you are making a product, you're making a Google Doc, you're writing this thing, you're making it for a client., you might be making it for one person, but that's an asset. So what, yeah. What can you create from that? What can you create from that? Yeah. So the leverage available to us now is just absurd. Yeah. Now that we can close the gap with that. Yeah. And the, we are making so much stuff. Even if you are not, even if you don't have that many clients right now, even if you are, you are making hours of stuff right now. Yeah. A hundred percent., one of the last things I wanna finish up with is on messaging and content and sharpening your content. Mm. I think the best content reads, you are walking through someone's day. So I'll give you an example

. Yeah. And the, we are making so much stuff. Even if you are not, even if you don't have that many clients right now, even if you are, you are making hours of stuff right now. Yeah. A hundred percent., one of the last things I wanna finish up with is on messaging and content and sharpening your content. Mm. I think the best content reads, you are walking through someone's day. So I'll give you an example. When we say things, and I want everyone to think about their own offer and their own niche here for a second, oftentimes we we generalize people's struggles, which dehumanizes their experience. I'm gonna say that again. Oftentimes we generalize people's struggles, which means we de human their dehumanize their experience. So what that looks is, if, if we are working in a market where someone is not getting leads, what do we say, ah, you're struggling to get leads, but what does that practically look for them? If you were to, as the old marketing quote says, enter into the conversation happening in their minds, then maybe you might say something, you wake up on Monday to another week of no sales calls booked. And I've just come up, I came up with this framework a few weeks, a few days ago, sorry, of this idea of surface signals that, that it, it's not the problem, but it's the symptom. And when you can articulate the symptom really, really well, if you can articulate it well enough, people will assume how to solve it. Sam Ovens was world class at this. Someone asked him, how is it that your funnel, your webinar has made $50 million? And he said, it's because I know exactly what happens in my ideal client's day from the moment they wake up to the moment they go to sleep. And so when you think about your ideal clients, and I've been really workshopping this through all of my messaging through sales pages, VSL, offer doc, do not generalize where you can get specific. So don't say, not getting enough leads or, you're not sell, you're not getting enough clients. It's, you just got, you just got back from a sales conversation and you've got another, you got another, let me think about it. Right? That's real. People can feel that. Or you've been checking Stripe a crack addict and still nothing's coming through. You're trying to find that visceral sense of emotion where people feel seen. And then on the flip side, what is the transformation that you offer? What does that look on the other side? Well, you wake up on Monday with, with three to five calendar, three to five sales calls already booked on your calendar with dream prospects. So instead of just saying, we go from no leads to leads, from no calls to calls, you try and, make it more specific, make it more real. And I, I've just observed for this, when, when I really focus in on this, people think that I'm speaking directly to them, right? When, when I was a preacher and we would speak on stage, the best compliment you could ever get is someone says, man, it felt, it felt you're speaking just to me. And the best content creates that connection. And so just this idea of pain signals, what are the signals and the symptoms that they're experiencing, how does that show up in their life that shows that they're stuck or misaligned or not where they wanna be? Right? Then dream signals. What are the things they want to feel? What do they want their calendar to look ? What do they want their life to feel ? And the more specific you can get it, when you disappear from the, the general, you're not losing weight

. What are the things they want to feel? What do they want their calendar to look ? What do they want their life to feel ? And the more specific you can get it, when you disappear from the, the general, you're not losing weight. It's while you're standing in your, your pantry at 11:00 PM eating another midnight snack, you told yourself you were never gonna eat again. Right? The more visceral and emotional you can connect with people through that way, the easier it is to make money. Because people go, oh, oh, my situation A hundred percent. And to, to add to that, the closer to the event, the, the closer the event happens to the content, the better. So I joke that, the best posts are written on the toilet, which is, I'll have a conversation in here with someone and I get an insight or something will happen, and then I'll go next door and write the post. Right? The this, if you find something, you have an insight and the speed with which it happens and the speed that you can tell the story back, it feels more real and relevant 'cause it's happened in real time. And social media has also trained people to think in 24 hour cycles. 'cause all the content disappears after 24 hours in most cases, right? So the, the, when something good happens to a client, or when you get an insight or when something happens to you with the story, the speed with which you transfer that event into telling the story about that event and giving it, you give it much more physical place., I was on, I was on Zoom with a client today and he told me about this. And I, and I, and I, and I decided this, the faster you can close the gap between something happening that's worth talking about, and you talking about it in terms of content, the more alive that content feels, it feels more real, more fresh, more relevant because it just happened. And we are tuned into things that are just happening. Now, if you try to tell stories of, yeah, one year ago my clients act did this, it's, it doesn't feel as relevant. Ency is Huge, but it doesn't feel as relevant. So if you can close the gap between insight interesting and into, into creation, your content will feel more alive and more people will follow you because you are in motion and you're proving that you are in motion by demonstrating that you are doing something all the time in real time and taking people somewhere Completely. I think that's huge., how are you doing for time, dude? I know we've gone 90 minutes. Do you have a few minutes to answer questions or we need to go? Yeah, yeah., I got Cool. Got absolutely nothing to do. So firstly I would just love, yeah, me neither. I've got nothing on the rest of the day., I'm gonna go to the sauna and the cold plunge at some point., I'm gonna go to your, I'm gonna go to your sauna later as well. Oh, Amazing., so I would love everyone to just take stop for a second. We've obviously covered a lot, a lot of ground. This isn't your typical teachy workshop, but my hope is there's been an aha, a shift, a takeaway. I would just love for you to just drop it in the chat. what, what's been a shift, an aha, an insightful moment that you feel, okay, I needed to hear this today. If I take one thing from this call, that's the only thing that I need. Just drop that in the chat and then we'll shift towards questions., obviously there'll be certain questions that will be so in depth or require so much more context

. I would just love for you to just drop it in the chat. what, what's been a shift, an aha, an insightful moment that you feel, okay, I needed to hear this today. If I take one thing from this call, that's the only thing that I need. Just drop that in the chat and then we'll shift towards questions., obviously there'll be certain questions that will be so in depth or require so much more context. We might not need to, I might not be able to get to them., but if there's any questions, especially on some of the stuff that we've talked about, or maybe other things you think relate to this format and this style, then by all means you can ask that. So either drop an insight or a takeaway or a question in the chat and we can hang around for a few minutes. Thi this is a, probably a good question. There's a lot of context here, but this whole, how do I break through my imagined 40 KA month limit to a hundred K month limit?, I'm just, I I'm gonna, I, I've already answered that one, about a week ago, but I'm gonna, we'll, we'll tap in. I, I, I, I I'll, He's, he's clearly asking, asking for my one. He's clearly asking for me then. Yeah, yeah, Exactly., no, so let me just quickly get the context on here. 32 KA month have two tiers. One to one is with 300 a week group is 4, 4, 4 a month., imagining in my mind, 40 k month being a limit is I have so only much capacity at people. So only have so much capacity at one-to-one. People love the one-to-one offers as . Where do you find people break through to, let's say, 78 KA month when they're in near capacity at three to 30 to 40? Firstly, some, some capacities are completely imagined, right?, the question you have to really think through is, number one, what does one-to-one look right now? What are the constraints? So for example, for me, when I was, in 2023, I, I was doing $95,000 a month in profit with one-to-one, and it was two 30 minute calls a month with 30 clients. So I was making great money in seven and a half hours of delivery a week. Time wise, I technically had capacity for way more than that., why couldn't I do 60 clients and make double the money? Well, the first constraint was energetic. It was, yeah, I could technically fill my calendar with more people, but that sounded hell to me. So one of the things I did when I really got sick of servicing people one-to-one via call is I moved everyone to Slack and then we had almost no calls and we just did everything through Slack. And all of a sudden this, this sacred cow of this is what one-to-one needs to look was killed because I retained everyone and people got, great results. And I was, oh, this is very interesting. So the first thing you wanna look at is what artificial constraints am I creating for myself by thinking it needs to be done this way? Right? When, when I first got started with one to one coaching, I was doing one one hour session a week, and then I worked with Hormoz in 2021 and we did two 30 minute calls a month. And I was, well, this was effective. I'm gonna try that. The second thing is, price point is huge, right? So, if you hit capacity, that's a great moment to hike your prices either with existing clients or with, new clients coming in

. And I was, well, this was effective. I'm gonna try that. The second thing is, price point is huge, right? So, if you hit capacity, that's a great moment to hike your prices either with existing clients or with, new clients coming in., I was talking to one of my friends the other day who said that she, she's a stick and poke tattoo artist and she's based in LA and she's at capacity and can't make more money. And so I was, well, if you doubled your prices and half your schedule, you would make the same amount of money but work half as hard. But even if you didn't go as aggressive as that, right, there's probably capacity for you to appeal to a higher level person. And so pricing is obviously not, in a vacuum. You can't just raise prices exponentially. The thing that I would say is that, is there a comfortable bump where you can do 10% or 20% and test and see how that feels. The second thing is what positioning would you need for people to perceive a higher value through your one to one coaching so that it's worth charging more? But honestly, the key thing is, is that, Jay, I know you're on the call right now. Do you just wanna drop in the chat right now? Are you bumping up against the capacity or are you perceiving the capacity as there? I'll, I'll add, I'll add to this insight as well. One to one can be productized just everything else. And one of the base assumptions of one-to-one is that it's blank slate custom, that you are reactive and responsive to the person on the other side rather than directional. And so one of the, one of the scaling challenges in the, in Jay's current format with one-to-one is it's personalized output. There's a message, there's a custom message going to each person multiple times a week when that can be productized, which is these messages goes the, to these clients privately on the, on this schedule. So yeah, Some, a lot of people get stuck in one-to-one because they believe it's custom for everybody rather than directional with higher levels of access for feedback and response. So you can course correct. Yep. So it still needs a path because that's what gives it scale. The scale is we're all running on this journey, but we have higher levels of access to modify the journey as we go along. So one to one is just as, productizes everything else because you're setting the path, but you are, you are allowing higher levels of feedback and access so you can course correct. Yep. Also, there's a greater principle in here for everyone on the call, which is you get what you settle for. And so if right now the banks of the river are so clearly pointing towards a low friction price with a desirable outcome of working one-to-one with you, and you want to, to have the river flow into, your scalable offer, which is obviously it solves a lot of this, you, number one, how do I make the scalable offer more appealing from a, a value perception standpoint? Number two, how do I increase the price to where there is really clear value discrepancy between the two? So for your ideal clients, it's not, oh, I'll just do one-to-one. It's, some people can't afford it. And number three, there's so many different ways that you can pull the lever to where you don't even offer that. At the same time, always, if you're trying to incentivize the group, I got to capacity with one-to-one really fast in 2023, and there was no lack of people who wanted to work with me one-to-one, but my capacity was full

. It's, some people can't afford it. And number three, there's so many different ways that you can pull the lever to where you don't even offer that. At the same time, always, if you're trying to incentivize the group, I got to capacity with one-to-one really fast in 2023, and there was no lack of people who wanted to work with me one-to-one, but my capacity was full. And then in June of 2023, I launched a group offer and I had 35 people join at $1,200 a month in the first 30 days. Would most of those people want to, if they could afford to work with me, one-to-one, a hundred percent. It's just that that wasn't available. So I made the proximity level that I had capacity for available, and then that was the main way that I grew in 2023, as I just kept adding people into that community. And so sometimes we become the makers of our own prison. It's, oh my gosh, I'm at capacity with one-to-one. Everyone wants one-to-one. And the answer is, you can fix that by making group more appealing, creating a, a bigger price gap, and then really making sure that in your marketing you are subtly positioning or maybe not so subtly positioning the offer that you want to sell more of. One, one of the, one of the, one of the more obvious symptoms in, in terms of capacity for for most people is conversion rates, right? People trumpet about high conversion rates where they're a counter signal to capacity. Yeah. If you've got maybe in pricing conversion rate, you've got massive elasticity in terms of pricing and you don't want high conversion rates long term. Yeah. You, you want, you want majority nos not majority yeses. Yeah. But a lot of people optimize for majority yeses. So if you are converting at 80%, you, you, you don't need to directly invert it, but, yeah. 35 percent's healthy because most, heuristically, most people should be saying no. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why people brag about that. It's so funny. Well, 'cause it feels good. No, no, no. But I'm saying it, I'll give you an example. There's an anecdote that's gonna sound a big brag name drop, but this is just what's gonna mind for me. I was in Las Vegas in 2021 with a client called Andrew Scott, amazing human who coaches restaurants. And, we are at this, kind of semi private plane terminal thing. Very affordable, semi private thing in, in America called JSX, Very affordable, semi private, Not, well, what was crazy is, it's a 30 person jet and it was $300, $400 one way. So really, it's not crazy. But when we got there, the Hormo was there and then, our flight got delayed. So long story short, so, catch up with Alex and Layla, 'cause I knew them from Zoom and stuff. And our, this guy was Fanboying. One of my client was fanboy, losing his mind. So he was not even sitting with us. And then eventually he came and sat with us and, they're asking questions and at some point he slips in, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I have 80% conversion rates. And without skipping a beat, hormo goes, oh my gosh, that's horrible. And the guy's really taking aback and he is, oh man, you charge way too little. And it was such a powerful moment seeing the penny drop for my client in such an abrupt way of, oh wow. Yeah. What am I doing? This is crazy. And I think that's a real, pricing

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 37 Dcm 2 Transcript   Part 3

---
title: Dcm 2 Transcript - Part 3
type: transcripts
source_files: DCM 2 transcript.pdf  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: client, customer, offer, scale, service, strategy
token_count: 4747
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801046
---

# Dcm 2 Transcript - Part 3

## Q&A: VSL Strategy Jarred Brown: Hi, mate! James Kemp: Hi jared. Jarred Brown: The couple of questions. If you don't mind going down the Vsl path a little bit deeper, so correct me if I'm wrong is the these. So. I went through Youtube as you're speaking, you're not linking that as a call to action inside of your Youtube knows, are you not. James Kemp: On some videos I am. There's about a dozen videos that I am. Jarred Brown: Okay. James Kemp: On the Daily on the daily videos. I'm linking to a membership of. Jarred Brown: Okay. So that would be the equivalent of tacky had a video that he unlisted and sent everyone there is that, the the equivalent, and, Dan Bolton, has one front of. James Kemp: Yeah, you can do it that way if you want to host it on on Youtube. Jarred Brown: Yeah, or you said, send them to a page and then have a button where they can directly go to Instagram. Start a conversation with me. Okay, Instagram. James Kemp: Could sit in your Instagram profile and your Facebook profile. It could sit in your email footer. Ultimately, if you wanted to. If you had an okay size audience and you didn't want to run paid traffic to it. You could still get, 30 to 50 views of that every day right, and get a and get a lead and a conversation, 2 to 3 conversations a day out of that. Jarred Brown: Yeah, okay, great. And you're just to confirm there's no opt in for that. It's just insight. It's just an inside video that they can watch, and if they find it powerful they can take the next step and go straight to the button. James Kemp: I I've found my preference. Both work right. My preference is to have a naked Vsl. Jarred Brown: Yeah, I agree. James Kemp: The downside to that is, it's harder to run paid traffic to it because you're running it on pure views. And so you have to measure things more robustly on the back end, and and attribution will always be imperfect right? And that's why running a customer funnel that generates cash flow mitigates a lot of that, because you can just run traffic to the page and be less concerned about how many leads and how many how many actual clients are coming out of the specific video because it's harder to measure unless you went. You went super granular, and you have multiple versions of it from different platforms, etc. Jarred Brown: the option for Vsl, if I'm thinking about how you frame up a Vsl, is it? Maybe me condensing the book and going through the book, or me doing a a a basic overview of my my main mechanisms, and why they're important and and how they, is that, how how do you create a basel? is what is what I'm saying and what do you put in there. James Kemp: Oh! How do you present. Jarred Brown: I present through video. I've got the book there at the minute. But I think a a video. My audience seems to consume video. James Kemp: How do you? What's native to you ? How do you run trainings? How do you turn up? How do you show up. Jarred Brown: Yeah, video and zoom what you've got there. James Kemp: So do you use documents? Do you use. Jarred Brown: Yeah, I use. I use slides and ipad, and draw on the ipad and use the ipad to draw and examples. And then, say, if it's a Rugby League player, put down on the field where they are and give them practical examples of things

. Jarred Brown: Yeah, video and zoom what you've got there. James Kemp: So do you use documents? Do you use. Jarred Brown: Yeah, I use. I use slides and ipad, and draw on the ipad and use the ipad to draw and examples. And then, say, if it's a Rugby League player, put down on the field where they are and give them practical examples of things. So I typically to use my ipad and draw and discuss breakdown models. James Kemp: Okay. yeah. So do exactly that. So break down 3 key mechanisms, show show who they've worked for and then have a call to action at the end. Jarred Brown: Okay, cool. Okay? And you're just. James Kemp: When I say it doesn't matter. Everybody here is not running thousands of or hundreds of $1,000 of traffic to these things every day the driver is going to be the headline. Jarred Brown: Yeah. James Kemp: And you being comfortable, presenting. Jarred Brown: Yeah, I'm happy with them. yeah, it's just another. It's a another version, yeah of the of the boardroom that can sit within my profiles. And I'm comfortable testing initially without the I'm running it naked as well, and just having that call action straight to having a chat. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah. julie williams: We can. James Kemp: The social. The social world these days, I think, is conducive to that. But the caveat is that it's just harder to run paid traffic to if you want to. because it's harder to measure. Jarred Brown: Yeah, yeah, cool. And also. To your message on Keen. If you can send me that link after. And then will we be going a little bit more deeper, and personalizing this a little bit more obviously in person. James Kemp: Oh, yeah, yeah, that's good. Jarred Brown: Perfect. James Kemp: The fun place to do it, especially eating pasta. Jarred Brown: Thanks, mate. James Kemp: Cool.

## Q&A: Funnel Implementation & Testing julie williams: Hi, Jack, can I jump in here? Yeah, thanks. Yeah. I'm about to listen. I'm just wondering. The back end of all this that you're doing is that in go high level under workflows. James Kemp: The the funnel templates are there, but they're all high level pages. They're all. julie williams: Yeah, because I'm working with upwork at the moment on getting out a nurture or a workflow in go high level. So we've got similar to. One offer is to book a call. No one ever books a call, and they don't know you. So from there it then jumps to. I've got a 12 page. Report that outlines what I do with a call to action on the end of that. If they don't, if they take that 12 page report. They still don't do anything. It flips then to the next section of A. My ultimate initial offering is to book in for a 6 week fast track of my bigger 16 week mastermind program. So that's ultimately where I want them to end up. And then I've got a what else have I got? I've got something else in there, if they don't do that. So we're just trying to work them through to take up some offer in that process in go high level, and it's about to be launched into some people I've mined in Linkedin. But I'm just wondering with this. DM. 2 that you do it? Is it? Is that what you called it? Hang on a minute. Yeah. Number 2. Cause I did your 3 K code way back. What is the difference between a nurture campaign or a workflow and your new? This new thing? Can you make it a bit clearer for me? So I don't really understand it. What the difference is, and am I on the right track? Do. James Kemp: I'm not here. I'm not here to, educate you on that distinction. If you if you're in motion with something, then it will be a mistake to switch it without testing it. So if you've got that funnel ready to go, put a hundred people through it. julie williams: But a hundred only I've got about 1,500 at the moment we've accumulated, but I haven't done anything with them at this point, so I'm just a bit unsure. What's gonna happen there? But why, only a hundred. James Kemp: Just to get some confidence. What happens when a hundred people go through? Yeah, often reflects what happens when a thousand people go through. julie williams: Right. So he's saying. James Kemp: Then what your level of commitment and investment to it., if a hundred people go through and do nothing, you need to change something. 100 people go through and do something. . 5 of them do something. Then you put it in front of a thousand. James Kemp: Then what your level of commitment and investment to it., if a hundred people go through and do nothing, you need to change something. 100 people go through and do something. . 5 of them do something. Then you put it in front of a thousand. julie williams: Hmm, yeah, right? So continue on the path. I'm going with the workflow. Test it out. But then, how does this fit in here? James Kemp: It's. julie williams: This is more about Vsls. James Kemp: For you right now, Julie. you're you're doing something. This isn't about getting in. I should have. I should have said that caveat at the top

. julie williams: Hmm, yeah, right? So continue on the path. I'm going with the workflow. Test it out. But then, how does this fit in here? James Kemp: It's. julie williams: This is more about Vsls. James Kemp: For you right now, Julie. you're you're doing something. This isn't about getting in. I should have. I should have said that caveat at the top . if you've got something that's working and it's in motion, then put this in the toolbox for later. If you need to come back to it. If you don't have a funnel that's working, and you don't have anything that's on the table that's putting out there. Then this is for you. But when you've got something that's about to go live marketplace, that's all that matters. julie williams: Yeah. And the other thing I just wanna check is your Google, Doc. Is that taking a back, I know for you. It's not but for us, should I still? Because when I get people to sign up if they sign up for that. James Kemp: Julie, you've got something that you're about to launch, get get them on the phone right. julie williams: Yeah, that's easy to say, but they don't get on the phone. If they don't know you for you, it's easy. James Kemp: What's that got? What's what's that got statement? Got to do anything. julie williams: Your assumption. James Kemp: About people don't getting on the phone. If they don't know you. julie williams: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. James Kemp: Well, well. julie williams: It doesn't seem. James Kemp: Selling, right? julie williams: No, it's been proven in in I've been working with Karita, and that for years, and they've been saying it's easy to, because you have a follow up. You tell them a time you do the 5 min before the call. It just doesn't work. julie williams: No, it's been proven in in I've been working with Karita, and that for years, and they've been saying it's easy to, because you have a follow up. You tell them a time you do the 5 min before the call. It just doesn't work. James Kemp: Okay. julie williams: And so that's why this nurture. If they don't do the call, then we send them to somewhere else in the back end in the go, high level, nurture, workflow sequence. James Kemp: Test it. julie williams: Test it alright. Well, I think I've got a call with you next week, so I might pick your brain a bit more. Then what would be. James Kemp: Bring me, bring me some data. julie williams:, what? Yeah, well, we're not really. James Kemp: How many people have! How many people have seen the report! How many people have booked a call. julie williams: Yeah, okay, yep, we're not ready to roll with it yet, because sorry, James, we're not ready to roll just yet. I reckon it'll be in the next 2 weeks. So I might even cancel that call with you next week and rebook it, for when I think it's we're gonna have some. James Kemp: Data bring me? Got it? Okay? Otherwise, we're sitting in a yeah critical hellscape of what might work could work and preconceived assumptions. julie williams: Yeah. Right. No worries. Thanks. James.

## Q&A: Info Products vs. Service Offers James Kemp: Anyone got products. They want to launch and wants to talk through it. or a low ticket, and what might work. What have you got in the toolkit? James Kemp: No, hey, George. George Fourie: How you doing good. Good, hey, man? George Fourie: Just something that you brought up. George Fourie: and I just want a distinction on it. You you mentioned in your funnel. George Fourie: you're going from info to info. And so George Fourie: that obviously helps with the with the congruence of the of the conversion. George Fourie: What about if it's George Fourie: the front end is info. But it's the community, or, my office, my partners, group or something, is, is a bit more, I guess. Service orientated in a way. George Fourie: Does that still flow in congruence. James Kemp: If the service is complementary to the last purchase. George Fourie: Right. James Kemp: Right. George Fourie: Yeah, okay, cool. So so I guess it's it's it doesn't really matter. Then, right?, if the if the content is George Fourie: if the service is what the content does. James Kemp: Yes, info info can be a misnomer. But if you're driving people through James Kemp: the purchase form, what is the next? Logical purchase James Kemp: is the thing that's complementary to the last one. George Fourie: Yes. James Kemp: So Justin and Sarah just ran a workshop, right?, about a particular Google Strategy. James Kemp: And so they had a hundred 70 people, or whatever it was, by the workshop. James Kemp: Then the upsell and the path of buying the workshop. James Kemp: They're done for you James Kemp: install with their with their supplier the done for you version of the you're coming to this workshop to learn about this. James Kemp: Do you want it done for you? That's before the workshop as well. George Fourie: Gotcha. James Kemp: And so the service is complementary to the last purchase. James Kemp: Do you want this done for you as a as a very complimentary. Next thing James Kemp: you're thinking about the sequence that they're going in the sequence of purchasing to make that natural. James Kemp: And as you go high ticket, you just want to expose some offers that then you can come back to and offer them later, because they might not sell on the 1st run through. George Fourie: Cool, so so on that I'm curious. How are you finding? So you've got all these $9 offers George Fourie: running? How are you finding that community upsell that that you included in that in the funnel. George Fourie: to the, your community level? And do you do you just do to community level? Or do you do George Fourie: $9 to sovereign, to the syndicate as well. James Kemp: I I would. I'm doing that manually if someone's joining the community, I'm starting to reach out to them to. Understand that. But my focus was getting the James Kemp: the front end working, if you, getting people to purchase memberships and then James Kemp: upselling, and then retention in that order. George Fourie: Gotcha, and in just last lost on that, are you seeing? George Fourie: So you got $9 offer? Go straight, for George Fourie: I think I saw it this way. Just correct me. So you got $9 offer. Go straight for 50 bucks a week, or that annual upsell 9 90. I think it was

. George Fourie: Gotcha, and in just last lost on that, are you seeing? George Fourie: So you got $9 offer? Go straight, for George Fourie: I think I saw it this way. Just correct me. So you got $9 offer. Go straight for 50 bucks a week, or that annual upsell 9 90. I think it was. And then on the training you downselled with a George Fourie: 9 for 9 or something that, yeah. So the. James Kemp: The annual works, but it only works to people who know me. George Fourie: Yeah. James Kemp: And so it's deceptive because it works to warm traffic. James Kemp: So then the funnel looks it's working. But then that doesn't scale. James Kemp: So the $50. James Kemp: The $50 a week works to code traffic. James Kemp: If they don't buy that, then by the time they get to the the training. They're offered the 9, the $9 trial. James Kemp: $9 for 9 days. George Fourie: Gotcha! George Fourie: Alright cool. George Fourie: cool. George Fourie: Thanks for that. James Kemp: So it's in totality. It's a $9 front end, a $29 bump. James Kemp: a $99 upsell a membership offer. James Kemp: and then a membership trial as a downsell. James Kemp: It's the sequence. George Fourie: Gotcha got it. James Kemp: And once all those things are working in harmony. Then you're getting. James Kemp: a decent amount amount of members, and they just want to retain them. George Fourie: it. Awesome. Thank you.

## Q&A: Low-Ticket Offer Performance & Ad Strategy James Kemp: Adam, did you have something. Adam Franklin: I did. I've got a lot of things going through my head. James. I guess you might have covered, and I did come late, so I'll watch the recording. Are you finding that there's certain offers that perform best for that initial Adam Franklin: advert that you're running in that $9 type of product Adam Franklin:, is it training, or is it a Adam Franklin: a Gpt or a tool that can get them going faster. James Kemp: Yep. So 3 basic categories is a template or something someone can use immediately. James Kemp: They work under 10 bucks, impulse, purchase bundles of templates or trainings work James Kemp: up to 30 bucks James Kemp: and then live workshops work particularly well because they're time-based. James Kemp:, so they've got and built scarcity. And they work, from 25 to a hundred. James Kemp: Live workshops are just tougher on James Kemp: to launch and deploy on an ad basis, because if you go too far out, then you're running ads too early and you're wasting ad spend. James Kemp: But if you try and wait too close. Then you don't get James Kemp: the velocity, and your your ads can just get stuck James Kemp: and don't get distribution, so that there are. They work extremely well. That is tough James Kemp: to do on a on to use on ads. So they work they work better as a James Kemp: as maybe a regular thing. If you had the the same thing running, every week, or every fortnight or every month. Adam Franklin: Got it and is, is setting up the ads and the time, because I've often been a bit scared of ads, and it can often take a lot of money and a lot of time to get them dialed in right. Do you find that there's a big, expensive learning curve, or is it quite straightforward now, with Adam Franklin: with with adverts. James Kemp: Mean, the wrong offer will always be expensive. Adam Franklin: Sure. James Kemp: So the adds, a James Kemp: ads are as challenging as they ever have been. I think the the biggest advantages we have now is James Kemp: we can test and deploy an Mvp. Of a landing page or something really quickly. So I will start with a minimum viable landing page where it's a headline. James Kemp: It's bullet points. It's a buy button. James Kemp: and that's it. If you get some purchases, then you start adding everything else to it James Kemp: but that the template that I've given you is the James Kemp: the one that you can deploy quickly. James Kemp: because it's just got all the components a guarantee proof faqs. James Kemp: etc, etc, headline sub headline, the ads. James Kemp: They need a little bit of luck as well. James Kemp: and, when we 1st launched, when we relaunched the book. James Kemp: It was, why isn't this working? Because this has worked really well. James Kemp: and it took a few weeks of putting ads up, taking them down trying audiences, and then it just it took off. James Kemp: And so what you find is that you can. James Kemp: It's healthy to. It's healthy to follow urine. I'm, I know, the book works and things haven't magically changed. So we're gonna we're just gonna put it on the shelf for a bit and then come back to it. James Kemp: And then, when the algorithm, gives you the gift James Kemp: and it works in the 1st few days, then it keeps going, and then you can feed it with creative

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 38 All Processed Transcripts Combined   Part 14

---
title: All Processed Transcripts Combined - Part 14
type: transcripts
source_files: all_processed_transcripts_combined.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, customer, leverage, offer, strategy
token_count: 4748
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801112
---

# All Processed Transcripts Combined - Part 14

. ## The Importance of Practice and Distilling Success Factors **Summary:** James Kemp acknowledges the difficulty of teaching content creation due to his own unconscious competence. He emphasizes the importance of practice and aims to distill his success factors into actionable steps for his audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** I will admit something: this is very difficult for me to teach because I've been doing it for so long. I understand how much unconscious competence I have in writing and communicating. And so a lot of the things that come through just come through. So I have to work really hard to break these down into something that's digestible for you, and actionable as well, because so much of my ability to communicate is just purely reps and practice. But these are the, this is the distillation of that, so you can replicate those. And then at the end, I'm going to give you the ability to replicate those. ## Creating Content that Delivers Insight **Summary:** James Kemp stresses the importance of delivering insight rather than just information. He explains that insight provides the "why" behind the "what," demonstrating a deeper understanding that attracts clients seeking replicable success. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** We have to embrace some factors. These are the things that differentiate just noise and information in a marketplace from actual content that derives context to move someone forward. We're talking about content that does something, not just words on a screen and something to kill time. We want to move something in somebody, and we've got to do that through different factors. The first one is, we've got to deliver insight, because information is everywhere, but delivering insight is relatively rare. The distinction between those is, information allows us to observe what is happening, while insight gives us some reasons why; it tells us why. So if you can demonstrate insight, you are demonstrating understanding of why something is happening via content. And then you are demonstrating a deeper understanding that others seek. It's all very well to tell somebody about something happening, or this client got this result. It's another level to deliver an insight about how that result happened and why it happened for this person, so those conditions can be replicated, and that gives the ability for you to work with somebody. Because if success is present, then you give an insight about why that success happened, and then that insight's delivered and they say, "Hey, maybe that works for me." The selling of ideas is what content does. Content doesn't sell offers, because before someone can buy something, they need to buy into something. ## Content as an Idea Salesperson **Summary:** James Kemp positions content as an "idea salesperson," emphasizing that selling ideas leads to easier product sales. He advocates for selling the concept before the product, avoiding constant selling that can create audience fatigue. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And that something is an idea. So if you sell people on your ideas, it's much easier to sell them on you, on working with you, and sell them on your products. If they are sold on the idea by the time you get to an offer or a product, then it's much more natural for them to buy that because it's a resolution of ideas and insights that have been delivered via content. So I approach content as an idea salesperson. As, I don't do sales calls. I don't do selling on a large degree. I just sell ideas and then allow people to buy into them. And then I have products that allow people to fulfill on those ideas. So I approach content as an idea salesperson, and doing that sells a hell of a lot more product, and also in a much more frictionless way than approaching content to sell a product. You'll see this when someone is constantly selling in their content, that it generates fatigue

. I don't do selling on a large degree. I just sell ideas and then allow people to buy into them. And then I have products that allow people to fulfill on those ideas. So I approach content as an idea salesperson, and doing that sells a hell of a lot more product, and also in a much more frictionless way than approaching content to sell a product. You'll see this when someone is constantly selling in their content, that it generates fatigue. But if you're constantly selling ideas, it generates insight and much more desire for the products you have on the other side of it. ## Living a Great Life for Great Content **Summary:** James Kemp asserts that interesting content stems from an interesting life. He encourages documenting experiences and applying the principles he teaches to create compelling content that resonates with the audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Here's a reality, and I'm going to give you a few realities in the creation of content: If your life is boring, your content is boring. If you don't do anything, then you have nothing to talk about. You just have nothing really to say that's of any interest. And to deliver insight, if you don't do anything, there is nothing to say, because content is an amplification of your own life and the characters in it. The simplest way to have great content is to live a great life. You do not need lots of hooks and angles and constantly coming up with ideas. If you just live a good life, and you be and do and document that along the way, and if you layer over what I'm going to show you today, then those things are a powerful driver for being interesting, to get people interested. And then sell the ideas through the telling of those stories and the documentation of that life. ## Avoiding Authority Destroying Content Practices **Summary:** James Kemp outlines three content practices that erode authority: criticizing others, asking the audience what they want, and publicly complaining about private matters. He advises against these to maintain credibility. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** You will see a lot of different approaches to how people communicate and content, and you will see all these things show up, and I believe, and I have assessed them as destructive. It can take a long time to build authority, but it can be very, very quick to destroy. So you will destroy authority if you consistently, or even sometimes randomly, criticize others, specifically or directly. You will also destroy authority if you ask your audience what they want to see, what content they want you to create, etc., because leaders don't ask what content and what people need, they just lead them. And you will also destroy authority subtly if you, there's a common thing in people's content where they criticize DMs they got, or they criticize cold outreach, or they criticize things that are happening to them, and they complain about it in public, and they take private things into public, which erodes authority. So if you criticize others directly, if you ask your audience, or if you complain excessively about different DMs, different trends – and I think a lot of people have one-shot their whole audience by an election that happened last year – you destroy your authority and credibility in the eyes of your audience, because people want to see something from you, and it's not complaining, and it's generally not negative. ## The Myth of the "Best" Content Platform **Summary:** James Kemp debunks the idea of a single "best" platform for content, arguing that trust and attention can be built anywhere. He recommends creating content for one platform and then distributing it to others, prioritizing consistent creation over platform choice. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** One of the worst ideas that has proliferated is that there is a "best" platform. There is no such thing as a best platform to publish content on

. He recommends creating content for one platform and then distributing it to others, prioritizing consistent creation over platform choice. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** One of the worst ideas that has proliferated is that there is a "best" platform. There is no such thing as a best platform to publish content on. This stops more people than it starts because it causes people to scatter focus. And there's some very convincing people out there who will market their version of content creation. They will say that LinkedIn is the best platform, some will say that YouTube is the best platform, someone else will say… right? All those people have an incentive to say that because they're selling that. But the reality is trust and attention can be built anywhere. Social networks have humans on them. Right now in my client group, I can point to people who are crushing it on different platforms in different ways with different content. But they've all got the same theme, which comes through in what you're going to see today. There is a formula that works for all this stuff that will continue to work, which is, create for one platform and then distribute it to other platforms. My whole content strategy is copy-paste, but it starts from the creation. The best platform for you is one that you can create consistently on. ## Choosing the Right Content Platform for Consistent Creation **Summary:** James Kemp advises choosing a content platform based on individual strengths and the ability to create consistently. He suggests text-based platforms for writers and video platforms for charismatic communicators, emphasizing consistent messaging over platform selection. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** It is very easy for me to wake up every day and write one or two emails. What is easy for you may differ. That could be one or two videos, that could be one or two tweets, that could be one or two Instagram pictures, reels, or anything in between. The best platform is the one that you can create consistently on, or you have created consistently on. And this requires some discernment. If you're a writer and you have a face for radio, then Facebook and LinkedIn, which are text-based platforms, would easily fit into your wheelhouse. If you're great on video and you're charismatic and you're a great communicator, then Instagram or YouTube, and copy and paste those same ideas to Facebook and LinkedIn. But you're creating for a primary platform. Your message and the consistency of sharing it matter far more than choosing the right platform. My primary channel is email, then I distribute content across multiple platforms. If I record something on video, which is another content medium, it's based off something I've already written, and that's in almost all cases. The idea is seeded in writing, and then the video is created because I can create in another medium. So I take a create-first stance because the message is the most important thing, and distribute second. ## A Copy Paste Content Strategy **Summary:** James Kemp illustrates his copy-paste content strategy, starting with email as his primary platform and then distributing the same content to other platforms Facebook and Instagram. He emphasizes the importance of a strong origin point for the content. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** So here's an example of an email I wrote that happened to have an image of us in it. So I start with the email. I then initiate my complicated strategy of copying and pasting, and then I put that on Facebook, and then I put that on Instagram. Same thing distributed across probably more platforms, that probably went on LinkedIn as well. But the origin point is telling the story and has the characteristics that need to be in it. ## Vulnerability in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the necessity of vulnerability in content creation, suggesting that those unwilling to share personal elements should focus on paid advertising instead. He explains that this vulnerability is a trade-off for gaining attention and building trust

. Same thing distributed across probably more platforms, that probably went on LinkedIn as well. But the origin point is telling the story and has the characteristics that need to be in it. ## Vulnerability in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the necessity of vulnerability in content creation, suggesting that those unwilling to share personal elements should focus on paid advertising instead. He explains that this vulnerability is a trade-off for gaining attention and building trust. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** With content, the world has changed. People, we are in a low-trust environment, and people want to see the what, and who, and how, and the whys behind it. And to do this we need a dose of vulnerability. The dose matters for the person. My vulnerability and your vulnerability are going to differ, but at a simple level, if you are unprepared to put yourself out there, even a tiny, tiny little bit, you have no business trying to create content. You'll be met with constant frustration and constant friction. If you are not prepared to communicate and tell stories that have some layer of personal elements in them, you're better off not even starting. If that is you, you need to focus on paid acquisition and buying customers through direct means. You need to go to the bank, spend money on Meta or Google, or one of the many other platforms, but they're the primary ones, to go and buy customers. But the skill levels required to do that are significantly more than posting and creating content. Content is the most democratized version of leverage. So if you don't want to deploy any of that, you need to go and buy attention. If you want to get attention through content, then your ideas and the life, and even the life of the people around you, are going to be subject to some level of scrutiny. This is the trade-off. In exchange for attention, we have to put ourselves out there, even a tiny, tiny, tiny little bit. ## Authenticity and the Online Persona **Summary:** James Kemp discusses the concept of the online persona, advising against creating a drastically fictitious version of oneself. He emphasizes that sharing content closer to one's true self fosters trust and makes content creation more sustainable. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** In the world of the internet, everything is an amplification, or even a distortion, of reality. Everybody plays a character on the internet, just everybody plays some character on a group call versus a personal conversation, etc. So the art of doing this consistently is not playing too much of a character, because everybody's doing it. The person on the internet that you communicate through is a small or large synthetic version of the real you. The longer you play a character and get too far away from yourself, the harder it is to maintain. An actor can't act 24/7 without losing themselves. So if you create this massively fictitious version of you that's not real, then that is very, very hard to sustain. Ask me how I know. So the closer what you share is to the real you, the more it flows. All the things I write about are documentation of my life. It's very simple for me to create content because I'm just sharing what I do and how I do it, and all the things in between, and what happens to me and the people inside my world. So the more your content flows from you because it's you, the more people see you, and the more people trust you. People have a wonderful bullshit detector, and if they sense that you're creating this outlandish version of yourself, or you're twisting the truth too much in the form of making content, then they will not trust you, and they will not buy from you. If you choose to lean in, then you'll be richly rewarded if that is what you seek

. So the more your content flows from you because it's you, the more people see you, and the more people trust you. People have a wonderful bullshit detector, and if they sense that you're creating this outlandish version of yourself, or you're twisting the truth too much in the form of making content, then they will not trust you, and they will not buy from you. If you choose to lean in, then you'll be richly rewarded if that is what you seek. And often people will engage with the stuff the most that you, in some cases, don't want them to engage with. I don't particularly want to call myself an idiot on the internet and post a slightly stupid photo. I do it because it's a great way to communicate, and I do it because it's effective. And people love it. They engage with that stuff because it is a variation of me, because that's what I am, and that's how I'd speak. ## The Power of Recency and Momentum in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp advocates for capitalizing on recent insights and stories, explaining that the freshness of an idea transmits energy and resonates more effectively than reusing or repurposing older content. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** My best posts are written on the toilet, and that is a product of recency and momentum. I had a ton of calls on Tuesday, and I sat at this desk being there and present and delivering for the people I was speaking to on Tuesday. And then I got insights and ideas and those things when I stepped away from that, and I jotted those down, and I'm writing about those right now. The energy of recent insights and stories always lands over a planned strategy. The freshness of an idea or a story comes through in real time. There's some magic in what is in the air. Every time I reuse content, it loses a little bit of energy. So content has a half-life. It starts to degrade over time. But it's relatively short. It's, down nowadays. It used to be measured in decades, and then it was measured in years, and now it's measured in months. So creating insights based on just very recent events transmits motion and movement. There's a big difference to telling a story about what happened to a client a year ago to telling a story about what happened to a client yesterday. There's some aliveness and some recency that put more weight into that content that makes it much more digestible and real, and obviously gets a lot more motion and behavior. So people follow emotion and movement. I give the example of the YouTuber, Casey Neistat. He was always moving around in his videos. He blew up because he had a character in the background, which was New York City, and then he was always moving. He was always on a booster board, he was in this office, and it had places, and he was always in motion. And things that are in motion are very easy to follow. So if you're in motion and you're doing things, and you document along the way, and you create the content as you go, you have this potent essence in that content where there's something to follow, and there's something to do, and people follow along. ## Speed to Message and Content Potency **Summary:** James Kemp highlights the importance of quickly creating content after gaining an insight. He explains that this speed transmits a potent energy and makes the content more compelling and alive for the audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And so speed to message matters. If you give an insight or you get an insight, and then you create the content quickly off the back of that, then that content will be very, very potent. So Brad was in my house

. He explains that this speed transmits a potent energy and makes the content more compelling and alive for the audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And so speed to message matters. If you give an insight or you get an insight, and then you create the content quickly off the back of that, then that content will be very, very potent. So Brad was in my house. He came here for a VIP, we spent a day writing on the, with the dogs writing on the window, putting out a plan for him for the next year. It was about 800,000, he wanted to go to a million, and he wanted to crack that number. So I documented the day, I talked about what happened, I took a couple of pictures, and I gave some insights about what plan he was undertaking, what he was doing. So when I'm reporting that in real time, it gives the content some potency and aliveness. ## The Importance of Context in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp explains that content needs a superstructure and scaffolding, emphasizing the crucial role of context. He argues that content without context is just noise and advises inserting mechanisms, identity, and world into content to create meaning. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Before you make content, you need a superstructure. You need some scaffolding. And what is absent in most content is context. So content that doesn't create context is just noise. And God forgive me, most of you are just creating a lot of noise because you're not creating context. And you just need these small elements in your content to create that context. So when we are creating content, we must insert context to move people towards our ideas. And we do this by putting in our mechanisms, the identity that we are helping people unfold, and the world that we live in, into our content. So when we link our unique mechanisms with a problem someone is currently facing, it gives them context. This is the problem that Bob was facing. This is the mechanism he used to solve that. There is a mechanism to solve that problem, and it's possessed by Ryan, or Michael, or Jared. We link our aspirational identity to a demonstration of our philosophy, and during that we create context. When people are looking at content or marketing, they tend to look forward. They don't say, "What offer am I making?" They say, "What ad do I need to run?" They don't say, "What's the context and content inside my offer?" They say, "What content do I need to create?" We need to work backwards towards the market. So we define the mechanisms we make offers with, and we create content around those mechanisms. ## Content, Mechanisms, and Context: A Real-World Example **Summary:** James Kemp provides a real-world example of how he uses mechanisms to create context in his content. He discusses specific mechanisms used within his programs and how he consistently incorporates them into his content across various platforms. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Here's a living, breathing example. Inside the syndicate, the circle, and the membership, we do three pretty simple things: we create a hybrid offer that people can buy off a Google Doc, we run workshops that we sell tickets to, and we turn those customers into clients, and we generate leads with the daily client machine. So inside our world, we do and build those things. Inside our workshops, we give more context to those things. How do you create a hybrid offer? So we show, we have a look behind the curtain. In the content that I create, I will be speaking about the mechanisms over and over again. I will be talking about the hybrid offer over and over again, and inserting it into one of my content types

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 39 New Transcripts James   Part 13

---
title: New Transcripts James - Part 13
type: transcripts
source_files: New Transcripts James.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, offer, profit, scale, system, tactic
token_count: 4750
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801199
---

# New Transcripts James - Part 13

. And that's the same characteristic of every offer that is, it was for, it was for something I saw with one person and then it, the scale comes from the trust that well, if it's really useful and really good for one person, then it's probably good for 10. Yeah. Maybe a hundred and maybe 400. Yeah. And maybe, and so I think the, there's the, we have the ability to scratch our own itch because the other place that a lot of offers, the best offers come from is scratching my own niche, but the other place they come from is scratching other people's where I'm, I know how to get them out of the, I know how to get them out of this. I know how to, maybe even save them from this because they're stuck in a funnel builder pushing buttons and wiring about the f*****g drop shadow and what color the button's gonna be and all that stuff. Right. And I know how to solve for this, right? That, that, that's, that's one, one of the point of the, AI tool we're building for, workshops, is that you don't have to go into the funnel builder because I've seen so many people get stuck there of, where's the button going? It's, it doesn't f*****g matter. So the tool doesn't output the funnel. It outputs the CSS that you copy and paste in the funnel and you don't need to go near it because the funnel is the output. So we skip the bit that I know people get stuck in because they're dragging boxes around. And that's how I think about these things of the scratching a itch that I've got, but also scratching a itch of one person because this wonderful thing called the internet has allowed us to find, before we could find the one person or, or two or three, and now we can find 10 or a hundred or a thousand or a million who who we can help with doing that one thing. Yeah. And the best offers for me come from one place for one person and then scale because, it turns out that hundreds or thousands of people want that. Yeah, You're welcome. Elizabeth, formerly Lizie., Could I just say, could I just say something else as well? Can I just, can I just joke about this for a second? It would be so funny if we just kept talking until no one was here. We just, just fast forward a few hours and we're just still, yeah man. So I, anyway, I just think it's so funny just holding everyone captive. If I was to launch something brand new today, I would personally invite the first 10 people to it. I wouldn't, I wouldn't use attraction, I would use curation. Right. And I would not be, that could go into tactically cold messaging people and just get it from a, from a sense that, hey, I've got something that might be might be for you. Yeah. Because if we're, we only get to start something once, a lot of the things we've built have, have taken pivots and turns and those things, but there was only, there was only one set of initial conditions for everything. Yeah. And if we're starting again, the initial conditions we set in terms of the who and the, and the things we do, I'm talking about for relevancy matters so much because that's the initial conditions that we build from. And so I wouldn't, I wouldn't go out there and say I'm doing this and this is it and I'm gonna sell you on this. I would go, I'd write one page on a Google doc and I'd and I'd go people and say, I've got something I'd think you might . Yeah

. And so I wouldn't, I wouldn't go out there and say I'm doing this and this is it and I'm gonna sell you on this. I would go, I'd write one page on a Google doc and I'd and I'd go people and say, I've got something I'd think you might . Yeah. And I, I, 'cause I think you're the person who would add to it. Because if we, if we have additive businesses where we bring people in who improve the environment rather than I've got another client who's gonna take all the stuff and then we can build these gigantic flywheels. And that's not based on what we do, that's based on who's in it. Yeah. I don't know if we can all laugh at how crap I am at marketing, but there's somewhere, there's some lesson that I'm reflecting on around this attraction promotion piece. I got 14 clients last month that's an average of, 10 plus whatever, on a normal month. And I do very little promotion these days. Everything's automated. you'll see probably two stories a month of, Hey, if you're on the fence, you should message me in a circle. Almost everything else is just VSL doing its thing. The last three days I emailed the entire list, however many, I don't know how big my list is. Let's say it's maybe 9,000, 10,000 people of a 72 hour window. I had not one person come through at that time. I think, or maybe one, maybe you could count one. And the more indirect I go with promotion, the more money I make when I truly to, this is, I don't know how to teach this. 'cause I'm, this is so unhelpful. Whenever I do not think about making money ever and I don't think about promotion and I simply think about creation, I make way more money. And when I try and go, oh, I'm going to, I'm gonna promote something, I'm making less money. I don't know, I know that's obviously not true for everyone. And across the board, I'm observing this with myself where I will think about a client or think about a potential client and then three hours later they'll reach out and it's almost psychic attraction. But then when I try and go after promotion, it doesn't work. And I found, I found this to be, you and I talked about this a bunch where it's, I went really hard with it in August and got 30 clients in 30 days. And I was, man, I, no one could fault me for being a bad marketer. It's clearly working. It just doesn't feel me. And the more that I promote anything, the more I hate what I do and the more I just create and then attract people, the easier everything feels. And I don't know what the lesson is other than I notice that I'm getting worse at promotion. And the more I, the more I talk about working with me, the less anyone wants to work with me. And the less I talk about working with me, the more people wanna work with me. It's, it's funny, it's funny, I'm running, I'm running three front-end offers at $9 each with a $29 bump. Yeah. And the bumps the same. And that, one ad set one, one product is front end profitable slightly. One's back and forth between below neutral and one's not working at all. Yeah. Then it's hooked up to the cash campaign and it's selling a a $500 or a $3,000 offer, automated the whole way through in the past, Thursday now. So since Saturday there's been one to two conversions from the cash campaign every day. Right

. Yeah. And the bumps the same. And that, one ad set one, one product is front end profitable slightly. One's back and forth between below neutral and one's not working at all. Yeah. Then it's hooked up to the cash campaign and it's selling a a $500 or a $3,000 offer, automated the whole way through in the past, Thursday now. So since Saturday there's been one to two conversions from the cash campaign every day. Right. Which is what, how much?, 500 or 3000. So there's one 3000 and then all the rest for 501 time. Yeah. So that campaign is now fully profitable. I'm not sure what the ROAS is, but, probably by the numbers it's probably, three times ROAS and it scales. Mm-hmm. Right. And I'm bored of it already. Yeah. it's a money printing machine. Yeah. Right. And if I keep putting money in and I keep feeding creative in it and it will just keep going. It's just there. Yeah. And I, and there's three pages, 11 emails and that's it. And it's really unfulfilling and really boring. Oh, I get it. And now I'm putting numbers into a spreadsheet. Yeah. What what's your, what's your point you're getting at here as in, it's working and you'll keep doing It, but making money is boring as in, and once how to do it, The Yeah. But what do you think the lesson is for you, right now? as in is it, is it making you go, do I want to do this and spend two grand? 'cause for me it was I was, I spent $200 to give a client last Night. I'm get the s**t Outta it. Yeah. So talk to us about that. Because, 'cause there's a, there's, there's a part of me that you are saying, boring for me, I don't care if it'd gimme a 10 x that's not interesting to me. I hear boring. And I go, I don't wanna do that. But for you, there's something else there. So what, what do you think that Is? I it's the, what is it? It's the ma it's the, I've mastered the, I've mastered, where's the, where's the upper limits of the game? how far can I push this thing? Oh yeah. Yeah. Right. And there's gonna be a day, there's gonna be a day in the next few weeks or the next few months where I'm, oh my God. 'cause I'm, my ad spend will be five grand or something. Yeah. And I'll be, I, there's a big donut on it and I lose 5K and then I do it the next day and then I'll be, I don't this game anymore. Sucks. Yeah. It's not fun on those days. Yeah. I I I think, I think it's the once you, once you have one or two simple things Yeah. Then gamifying everything else for interest and fun is the way that everything else flows. Yeah. And I think I've been through the cycle enough to also know that, unleashing that. So I will teach it and then I'll let other people play with it and then I'll learn things. And to me, the learning, the learning is the most fun thing. Yeah. That when I teach something and someone goes and takes some of it, but it ignores the other things that I told them to do and makes it work. I don't go, well you are clearly not a good student. I go, tell me how this worked. So Right

. So I will teach it and then I'll let other people play with it and then I'll learn things. And to me, the learning, the learning is the most fun thing. Yeah. That when I teach something and someone goes and takes some of it, but it ignores the other things that I told them to do and makes it work. I don't go, well you are clearly not a good student. I go, tell me how this worked. So Right. The curiosity of, the curiosity is the most fulfilling thing because I'm endlessly curious about how far this funnel thing can go. Then I'm endlessly curious about how those ideas spread and, and then curious about what other people can do to completely break my brain in terms of the assumptions that I've made to do it, to teach me something that makes me better. And that that's the, that's the, the quest of mastery is, okay, now I've, I've got this idea and I've got it working and now I need to let it go because I don't really know s**t. Right. It's that someone else is gonna come along and, buckle the assumptions that I thought I had about this, about how what's good and what's bad and, and, and do a better job than me is exciting. It's not Yeah. Yeah. It's not threatening at all. Well I think this is the no, the old ancient wisdom of know thyself. And this is why I think you and I have been able to collaborate so much over the years is, we are very similar in conviction and values, which is why we are such good friends. And how that expresses itself can in some instances be similar and in other ways be different. So you, someone asked a question about your $10 million a year goal. And, for me, one of the differences that I, I found at least, I don't know if this is com completely true for you., but you seem to be less distracted when you do have money goals. And I feel really distracted when I have money goals. Mm-hmm., I, I wouldn't I, if you ever see me publicly talking about, I'm gonna make this much money. I'm telling you all right now I'm super off track. send me to a shaman in brew. Dan's back on the ba back on the business hams wheel. 'cause it's so uninteresting to me, the most money I've ever made with ease has always been accidental. It's never been, 'cause I had a money goal. every time I've said I wanna make this much money, I personally go off track. And so when you talk about this funnel, I Do, you can I, can I share something? Yes. I, I knew modern autonomy wouldn't work for you. I knew it would work when you told me how much money it was gonna make. Yeah. What do you mean? Before I launched or after? Before. Oh yeah, yeah. Because you had this very rational output and I'm, yeah, Yeah. Which is not me at All. Your mass is correct. It will do that a hundred percent. And then it did do that. Yeah. And then I also knew that it wouldn't do it for you. Oh, completely. When, when you explained, when you said this is how much money it's gonna make. And I was, your your working is correct. Yeah. I just wanna get paid to exist. I'm trying to gamify it so much where my business model is. So there's not an ounce of obligation in anything. That's the game for me. And then it's how much money can that bring in? that's a fun game to play as a byproduct. But anytime I've focused on money outside of my first 10 KA month, it's only brought me misery

. And I was, your your working is correct. Yeah. I just wanna get paid to exist. I'm trying to gamify it so much where my business model is. So there's not an ounce of obligation in anything. That's the game for me. And then it's how much money can that bring in? that's a fun game to play as a byproduct. But anytime I've focused on money outside of my first 10 KA month, it's only brought me misery. It's never brought me closer to my higher self. I've never become a better human because I set a money goal. There's, there's no version of us that's instantly happier because we doubled our income. you can create freedom, but you don't just instantly create a new version of yourself that has a higher baseline happiness, a lower baseline stress level simply because you make more money and in most cases you double the money. You doubled the stress In most cases. Yeah. Yeah. No, of course not every case. But it's that, that for me has been a huge, huge, lesson for me is money is a terrible north star for me personally. Creativity, self-expression. How do I gamify the system? So I feel I'm a glitch in the matrix who somehow tapped into the infinite money supply on World of Warcraft and has found the cheat code. That's the game I want to play. Yeah. The paid to exist frame is is is available to everybody. Yeah., Manuel asked, this is my first call here. Do we get a replay? A hundred percent. You get a replay, in the respective community. Dan, Dan doesn't, Dan doesn't have a Zoom password so it's VA's gotta do it. That also might be accurate. I think that's, that's, when you were talking about building landing pages before, I was, oh man, I've not done that in years. I don't even know how to log in to go high level. I don't know how to send an email and go high level at all. I send my VA at WhatsApp message and I say email, entire list, subject this, message this. And then she sends it, which means it's completely on her time zone. So I can never send an email on real time. And it's amazing., guys, we should probably call it, 'cause honestly James and I could gas bag here all day., I hope it's been insightful for you to at least pull away, pull a couple of threads from our rants to just self-reflect If we could distill anything. I know I speak for James when I say, the most important advice is, find the thing that works best for you and do that. Do you feel that's a fair summarization James? Or do you feel it's more about, get high testosterone and marry a Brazilian Well cool. A call, book a call. I've got a $4,800 offer to sell sell You this, this too could be yours. Can I tell a, can I tell a really quick story? Yeah. guys, guys, you're allowed to jump off at any point In the, in the early, in the early days of Uplevel with Sam, if you got to, I think it was a million. You got a, you got a VIP day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On a jet. I didn't get a jet. Oh you well you that was the whole thing. You got a jet. Sorry. Anyway, I better message him now and say you f*****g owe me a jet man., but you got a VIP day and he is, I was in Auckland at the time and he said, I'm coming back, coming back to New Zealand this day. And I was, oh, that works

. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On a jet. I didn't get a jet. Oh you well you that was the whole thing. You got a jet. Sorry. Anyway, I better message him now and say you f*****g owe me a jet man., but you got a VIP day and he is, I was in Auckland at the time and he said, I'm coming back, coming back to New Zealand this day. And I was, oh, that works. And so I met him at Sky City in Auckland and we, hung out, went to breakfast and then, we'd spent the day together. Right. Just, we're just wandering around and sitting at different places and, and, and, I was selling e-commerce engine at the time and, I'd done my first mill and it was, it was good. And what do I do next? And, the, the only advice I came away with put the price up to 4,800. It was two and a half grand at the time. It was, it was just, just put the price up and I made one change to the whole thing and I put the price up the next day and sold it on the phone and nothing changed and then I just made more money. So Yeah, if you haven't, if you haven't had a 4,800 later on, it was 5,800 and then it was 6,800., offer. Where have you even been for the last 10 years? Yeah, bro. Scaling Hustle bros. I liked that one. I thought that was funny., yeah, Sam's such a funny dude. Dude, I really, I hung out with Sam twice when during Covid and after the second time I thought to myself, we probably don't need to do that again. 'cause I felt we talked about everything we could possibly talk about. It was the first day was three, three hours of four hours. The second day was three hours and it was just, yeah, I'm think, I think I'm good. Nah, not to say anything about Sam. I just felt we, we, it was only deep chat and there was no chemistry of e ease of just hang, hanging out. No, I felt we exhausted all of the esoteric, esoteric angles of online acquisition and religion and life., cool man. I appreciate you. I love your time and, yeah, all the best. All the best with the new birth dude. Yeah, she's, we're going for a walk soon, so we'll try and Get her do some star jumps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. We might, I might have to come over a Bali sometime soon because I gotta declutter this house to sell it. I'm just wondering if I can do it virtually so I don't have to come. Oh, I'll go next door now and just remove half the stuff and put it in the, in the new Folder. Dude. Anything in my office man, go check it out. Go check it out. 'cause we have so much stuff there. Yeah. So much stuff in that office. It's just I know. Go take it. Go rob me an Apple store. This is what I do. This is how I work dude. I buy something to see if I it and then I, I have a 16 inch MacBook Pro there. Tried it out. Wasn't for me, but now I've tickled that part of my brain where I'm, your Whole family hates Apple watches as well. There seems to be a few of those around. Yeah, I've got, I had an Apple watch and now I don't, I know I had, I had three., yeah, just fighting what works for me man. Exactly., alright. Sending you and, everyone on the call. Ton of love. Chat soon. Bye guys

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 40 James 3K Code Transcript   Part 3

---
title: James 3K Code Transcript - Part 3
type: transcripts
source_files: James 3k Code Transcript.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, method, offer, revenue, system
token_count: 4751
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801266
---

# James 3K Code Transcript - Part 3

. James Kemp: So get people to a no James Kemp: right? Is it a timing thing? Is the price thing? Is it a is it a promise thing? Is it a clear? Is it a clear piece. James Kemp: a clarity thing? What makes fun? What questions do they ask James Kemp: again? Clear is kind, clear, is kind to yourself and Clear is kind in office. James Kemp: What questions do they ask? If your offer is unclear, they will ask questions about it. What questions? Don't they ask? James Kemp: What's missing from it? Do they understand? James Kemp: And are they feeling the pain? And are they acutely aware of the problem as you made the assumption that they have. James Kemp: So at the stage of off-value, validation, activity, and action James Kemp: always trump perfection and procrastination. And a few people again, recently have kindly shared. They're working through of that perfection and procrastination, constantly tweaking the offer, Doc, and not sending it to people James Kemp: constantly procrastinating, saying, I don't have enough leads, or it's the wrong time of year. There's always a reason not to do it. So put an action plan in place. James Kemp: follow up with 5 people every day. Cold, outreach 10 people every day, this is easier for some people than others. James Kemp: Put 3 pieces of content out into the into the world every week to start conversations. Who interacts with those who can you speak to. James Kemp: the Internet has removed all excuses of our ability to connect with other people. It has never been easier to connect with other people. We just need to connect and have a conversation in a contextual way. James Kemp: So create a plan? Who you gonna out, reach out to in the next 14 days? What assets can you utilize to validate sooner rather than later? What daily tasks are non negotiable to have those conversations. James Kemp: So James Kemp: Conrad message me yesterday, and said. Hey, I've I've got about 20 people that that stopped that stopped at different times of the year that I'm not currently working with. James Kemp: shall I? We've we've come up with a mastermind offer. Shall I make that offer to them. And I'm, Yeah, it's a good time to do it. Right. Message 20 people, 3 people in the course of a day converted into a mastermind for multiple thousands of dollars, people that just popped into his head James Kemp: that he'd stopped working with at a particular time, that he messaged and outreached James Kemp: because he has an offer that he knows that if he puts it in front of people James Kemp: it will get them to take action or get them. A no, and a lot of those people will say, no, not right now. Maybe next year I'm doing this in January. Maybe I'll readdress this in march, they'll give them the future. James Kemp: So James Kemp: it isn't. It is critically important not only to intellectualize and get the insights and creating office fun and the feelings of clarity that you get going through this process James Kemp: our people can attest to how enjoyable that is when you start to get clear about your offer. James Kemp: but it only turns into something when the rubber hits the road and get it out to other people. James Kemp: So make a plan and do it. James Kemp: Who has questions. I'm going to drop the doc James Kemp: and the template. julie williams: I have a question, James. James Kemp: fire away, Julie. julie williams: Okay, I'm gonna get to the guts of what I feel my hesitation is. And taking this forward

. James Kemp: So make a plan and do it. James Kemp: Who has questions. I'm going to drop the doc James Kemp: and the template. julie williams: I have a question, James. James Kemp: fire away, Julie. julie williams: Okay, I'm gonna get to the guts of what I feel my hesitation is. And taking this forward. I sold my program about 18 months ago, and I'm still running my Physio Pr practice part time. julie williams: And I used to go straight to mentoring. I wanted to show them exactly in a zoom call. We did a zoom call with this practice in Mt. Waverly. julie williams: and first of all it was there was. I wanted them to get a an actual client, one of their own clients. It was suffering with whatever usually back pain. julie williams: and they couldn't do that. They didn't want to do that, and that that's understandable, I suppose, because it's a privacy issue, and all of that. So we use a therapist which was an ideal. julie williams: Do I need this context, Julie? Or do you have a question? Yeah. So it was the delivery that I had a problem with, and I committed to that for julie williams: 6 weeks every an hour, every 6 weeks. and I ended up hiding it. I absolutely hated it. julie williams: and it put me off of even taking it out. julie williams: So I'm, listening to what you're saying here about and follow up your 5 emails, your cold rich, your 3 pieces of content. And I'm getting nervous about this because I'm I'm worried that it's going to be too much coming at me julie williams: all at once. And how do I handle that back? End? That delivery that promise, and not muck it up? julie williams: It's scary for me. julie williams: So is that a question or or yeah, it's a question, how? How? How do we? James Kemp: How do you not have fear? julie williams: How do I? How do I control what might come at me with opening up this James Kemp: by being very, very clear about the boundaries that you're delivering on James Kemp: right? This is the promise. This is the plan. This is how we're going to get there. James Kemp: This is the access to the training you get. This is the community community that we get. And this is when we're on calls together. James Kemp: So clear is kind. julie williams: yeah, okay, I think I probably need some help with setting the boundaries and all of that stuff. James Kemp: You just need to set them and stick to them. No one can help you with setting your own boundaries. julie williams: Yeah. James Kemp: that this. The act of setting the boundaries is. James Kemp:, the act of creating the offer julie williams: and what you're prepared to do James Kemp: and what they need. James Kemp: and lots of those things intercept. Don't intersect in the marketplace, and that's fine. James Kemp: But it's only what you're prepared to do. julie williams: Hmm. julie williams: okay. thanks, Jess. James Kemp: I, and I'll and I'll say it again. James Kemp: I'm being really prescriptive today. James Kemp: And black syndicate folks will get into mindset, and those things all we and other and other contexts, but. James Kemp: the act of doing this. James Kemp: the active to the construction of it

. julie williams: Hmm. julie williams: okay. thanks, Jess. James Kemp: I, and I'll and I'll say it again. James Kemp: I'm being really prescriptive today. James Kemp: And black syndicate folks will get into mindset, and those things all we and other and other contexts, but. James Kemp: the act of doing this. James Kemp: the active to the construction of it. as James Kemp: getting it out, getting it out of the way and getting it out there. That's all that matters. You can feel lots of ways about things. James Kemp: but if you're committed to the outcome that you want for yourself, and you're the outcome that you want for the client. Then only do the things that you want to do. James Kemp: Emily. Emily Utter: Hi, I have lots of questions as usual, I did my first workshop today. I think I had 14 sales. which I guess is all right, considering I have no social media. And I made the offer for the first time, and it was a hot mess. But anyways. Emily Utter: as you're going through this, what I'm realizing, I think my offer. Promise still isn't clear. I'm in the make more money category. That's what I'm helping them do. But I feel my Emily Utter: angle of it. And this might be the problem I'm not sure is the self expression. love your business Emily Utter: what we did in the workshop today was, explore the different friction points all the things they don't really in the business. Right? Emily Utter: So Emily Utter: I wrote, I wrote a bunch of notes while you're talking. Can my core offer be? I help you make more money through self-expression? Or is that too nebulous? And people are fuck that, or I don't care, or whatever James Kemp: it is, pretty nebulous, how much money? What does the expression look ? Emily Utter: Well, so okay, for example, I helped a client shift her niche, and then the very first launch of her program. She did a half a million launch, and it's because I helped her do the thing she really wanted to do, instead of the thing she was pretending she wanted to do. James Kemp: So. The first step that we go through in the plan is aligning you with your James Kemp: ideal niche that you can freely express yourself to with my Ach system. Emily Utter: Okay. Emily Utter: no such system exists. It's Emily's bullshit meter. Put a Tm on everything, and it's a system, right Emily Utter: whatever. I think when you mentioned the bleeding confusion I was, yeah. And I think, too, most of the people who bought my workshop. And I'm sure, the first sales into this community. They're all gonna be people who've worked with me. Emily Utter: And so I've been banking on the fact that, they know, my time is worth it. And so I could call it Emily Utter: talk to Emily, and I feel those people would still buy. Maybe that's naive. Maybe I'm being lazy. And I do have my whole. Pdf, I don't know if you're open to looking at it, or I can post it, or whatever. But James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money. Emily Utter: But the method is through James Kemp: self expression. Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money. James Kemp: just people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it

. But James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money. Emily Utter: But the method is through James Kemp: self expression. Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money. James Kemp: just people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it. Everybody's just ashamed of the thing that. James Kemp: and you give them the permission to go out there and say, no, I want to make. Emily Utter: Yeah. James Kemp: I'm unapologetic that making money is, super important. Emily Utter: Right? Emily Utter: Yeah. I guess what I Emily Utter: I feel with us talking about it right now. It makes sense. But from a marketing perspective. That's where I'm a little bit . Because I can, I can make it make sense through storytelling. But that's a lot of words. James Kemp: Hmm. Emily Utter: right?, I have so many amazing examples Emily Utter: of where I help clients do this double their revenue. But Emily Utter: or or maybe maybe that is the promise. I'm, afraid to promise that, double your revenue by being more self expressed. James Kemp: And you, you need to demonstrate that over and over again. Emily Utter: But is that believable? Emily Utter: Yeah, wait. Who's giving me the thumbs up? Geo. I don't know if I'm saying your name right. Thank you. Emily Utter: not if you don't believe it, social proof at its finest Emily Utter: thanks for all the comments guys that helps. Yeah., I have a lot of questions. Maybe I can post my, my team hated the Google Docs. So we do have it in a Pdf, and it's branded. So could I post that in the syndicate. Whoever's available to give me feedback on it? Because, I'd love for you guys to tell me, why wouldn't you buy, Emily Utter: what's compelling in it? What's stupid? There's all these testimonials on it. I don't know if we need that. Maybe we just do a few case studies of Emily Utter: the few. few banger examples I'd, I'm saying, you need a promise. James Kemp: Yeah. Emily Utter: Okay, so then, but also my plan feels it's all over the friggin place. James Kemp: although maybe it's not okay. It's what they're selling. It's their content. And then I don't know what the third thing is, does it have to be 3 things. It's who they're selling to. Emily Utter: Yeah. And also, I'm just really good at helping people with sales in general. James Kemp: Yeah. But it's who they're selling to. Emily Utter: I don't know why I'm tripping out over this. Emily Utter: I'm in my own confusion, but the believability that's that comes out from the market comes from you James Kemp: when people say, Is it believable? What they're saying is, Am I allowed to do this? Emily Utter: Well, this is exactly the thing, because I'm being Emily Utter: the thing that I need coaching on from me., I'm exactly in that right now, I need me to be dude fucking. Do it James Kemp: fucking, do it, do fucking, do it? Emily Utter: Yeah, I'm sweating. Oh, my God, okay. James Kemp: this is this is, and I and I went through the cool pieces quickly, because this is where the shame comes up

., I'm exactly in that right now, I need me to be dude fucking. Do it James Kemp: fucking, do it, do fucking, do it? Emily Utter: Yeah, I'm sweating. Oh, my God, okay. James Kemp: this is this is, and I and I went through the cool pieces quickly, because this is where the shame comes up. James Kemp: This is where people don't fully go there with the core of . James Kemp: I help people make money. James Kemp: I help people naked. James Kemp: I help people. Whatever Emily Utter: the the the underlying thing that stops people isn't James Kemp: the the practical reality of a. It's the shame that's underneath it that they're somehow making money as bad, or having more sex as bad, or looking better, naked as bad, or whatever you fucking help people with James Kemp:, the yeah, most things lead back to there, anyway. Right? Emily Utter: I think my thing is more, does anyone care or ? Emily Utter: Why would they care if you care? James Kemp: Well, yeah, okay, I care a lot about helping is me caring enough James Kemp: that they can be free on their dimension of freedom. Right? You care a lot about helping people make money James Kemp: with people they care about. Emily Utter: Right? James Kemp: So it gives them some relief that the the skills they've accumulated were worth it. Emily Utter: What I really care about is people making money and being themselves, because everybody, self sensors and everybody waters themselves down and when somebody is really authentic, and then they can blast their business crazy being that. That's when I'm, fuck. Yeah, that's what I'm . If you just take that as you coaching yourself. Emily Utter: None of us needed to be here. Thanks, guys. James Kemp: but but this is this is the this is the people talk about alignment. But that's alignment. Emily Utter: Yeah. James Kemp: So you without you fully expressing yourself and being okay, that making money is good. James Kemp: you can't unlock it in them. Emily Utter: Yeah. and that the cool. And I've gone through the practical prescription reason of the core. James Kemp: But the thing that stops people with the core is going. Yeah, I just help people make money. James Kemp: Why does some people have a better life through this vehicle? Emily Utter: Yeah. Emily Utter: hate to exist? Emily Utter: I wrote, can I really in all caps, make money. Being myself, I feel that's what I need to hit. It's just, Yes, you can. You don't have to be this other version of yourself. Emily Utter: You're gonna make more being who you really are. James Kemp: Always Emily Utter: yeah. Emily Utter: cool. Thank you. And thanks everyone for all the feedback appreciate it. James Kemp: Yeah, guys, the thing that stops people choosing the core is they want. They everyone assembles lots of things around it James Kemp: to obfuscate from the actual call. because they hedge it. James Kemp: I hope you make money, but I do it in a really nice way. Help you get more dates, but I do it ethically. I hope you lose weight, but not to look better, because that vanity, always got a fucking asterisk next to it, and a hedge. James Kemp: but if you choose the core. and you just believe it and commit to it. James Kemp: then everything else. Just there's a bit as a benefit around that. and that's what makes it work

. Help you get more dates, but I do it ethically. I hope you lose weight, but not to look better, because that vanity, always got a fucking asterisk next to it, and a hedge. James Kemp: but if you choose the core. and you just believe it and commit to it. James Kemp: then everything else. Just there's a bit as a benefit around that. and that's what makes it work. Gieo: My my question is, is really dovetail, or or, is directly onto it. Emily, was this coming to there? And so if it's okay, if I can jump on in here. Gieo: on the concept of the core, define the core. Gieo: And and I'm sure this is a this is a could be probably an ongoing debate. But what I, when I heard Emily say, and this is also relates a little bit to my own ponderings about about this question as well, which is, what is the core, and and to me what I kinda heard Emily say was that, she helps people make money Gieo: and and and that that probably is a very. Obviously, what I thought to myself, everybody wants to make money. So that's a pretty core thing. But in in terms of what? What does that really mean to be, to have a core offer. It does strike me that. That the addition of Gieo: of her unique thing, the the, a as a as a unique expression of yourself, or however however you say it, Emily, but but that and that's my own, questioning. That's why I wanted to dovetail on to it, too, because Gieo: I heard this., this piece was the the piece that I heard the most in in in in in your presentation today about the core offer. And so so I'm poundering the same same type of thing. And I'm starting to explore. Gieo: th, the this concept that in my world. Yes, same thing. I help people make money. I I am a business consultant and and working that way for the health and wellness field. Gieo: And so I'm exploring now that the health and wellness as a lifestyle Gieo: is pretty pretty close to my core offer. because that's the niche I'm speaking to. and it's both my clients, but also my clients. Clients? James Kemp: Hmm! What's the question? Gieo: The question is. does does that jive with your prescription of what the core offer would be. Gieo: or or or are you more of a purist and, what do they really want? James Kemp: What do they really want? Gieo: ? I said, everybody wants to make more money., that's . That's a that's that's the thing gives you freedom. You. You have your way of saying it, too, which is true. True freedom is downstream from financial freedom. Is that pretty close to that's pretty close to your your why and your offer? Do you use that to inspire your your core offer from Gieo: that statement? James Kemp: Yeah, if we if we look if we look at the. James Kemp: If we look at the intro James Kemp: pumping out cash. James Kemp: our goal is building a million dollar sovereign consulting business with 50 clients or less for 3 days per week on the tools. Right? James Kemp: The currency is money. the way I do it is unique to me. James Kemp: Emily's currency is money, the way she does it is unique to her. James Kemp: Your currency is money. the way you do it is unique to you. James Kemp: So you're encapsulating. But the core people. There

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 41 James 3K Code Transcript   Part 2

---
title: James 3K Code Transcript - Part 2
type: transcripts
source_files: James 3k Code Transcript.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, customer, leverage, offer, profit, system
token_count: 4754
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801328
---

# James 3K Code Transcript - Part 2

. James Kemp: and we see this all the time. That direct, that getting away from the core and talking about all the benefits. James Kemp: confuses you and confuses the market. Right? So personally, I solve for making money. James Kemp: and the stem of that is from one of my core beliefs that true freedom is downstream from from financial freedom. James Kemp: So the core piece about me and my orientation towards the market is making money. James Kemp: All the benefits come around that James Kemp: because the benefits that come along with working with me and the way I make it, and the philosophy James Kemp: they keep people around, but they are attracted to the core idea of making money first, which stems from the core belief that true freedom is downstream for financial freedom. James Kemp: So to understand and define your core. James Kemp: you need to go a layer deeper on yourself and say, What do you belief? What are some of the core beliefs that you build from. James Kemp: because most people try and build from all their core beliefs, and then just assemble this confusing piece of, well, what do you stand for? James Kemp: But when you have a core James Kemp: promise and a core orientation towards the market. James Kemp: and you solve for one core. James Kemp: it's a massive, massive shortcut in terms of the clarity that the market receives you. So the benefits are there. But you solve for one core James Kemp: so validating your market, and these are these are not a test, they are an exercise and understanding. If you go through this and you are blocked and unable to do this, then it's an indicator that there is confusion inside you that bleeds out into the market. James Kemp: So which one of these 4 things are you solving for for your customer? James Kemp: What is the main problem you are solving? James Kemp: How does this problem show up in people's lives? Are they even aware that that problem exists? And in what way are people trying to solve this problem? Now. James Kemp: again, it's an exercise. If you can't define this or you are blocked and doing it, then it's an indicator that you have multiple things going on, that you're trying to be all things to all people in the marketplace. James Kemp: You can be all things. James Kemp: But you must choose one core at a time, as you orientate towards the market, and your core piece can evolve and change. James Kemp: and it does naturally. James Kemp: But there must be a core there, otherwise you will be confused, and if you are confused the market is confused. James Kemp: So James Kemp: that's the piece that takes some time as well, because that's a distillation piece. So you must strip back to James Kemp: for call for reasons. James Kemp: what's your core. James Kemp: So when we approach a product and offer. James Kemp: we must be clear on what we do for others, and how. And this is a useful distinction. I'm using the word consulting here in a one on one context. James Kemp: But the modalities are important, and the fixation on the identity of this labels distorts value creation. James Kemp: so, seeing them as simple modalities, allows the creativity to match the principles. So these are my definitions, coaching, helping people discover the answer inside them. James Kemp: Coaches help integrate James Kemp: consulting, giving people the answer. James Kemp: consultants help execute mentorship showing someone how I would do it. And James Kemp: this is what I put into practice just for some context here. And this is a demonstration. Again. James Kemp: I create from my community. I coach on the weekly calls I consult on Slack, and I mentor on Zoom

. So these are my definitions, coaching, helping people discover the answer inside them. James Kemp: Coaches help integrate James Kemp: consulting, giving people the answer. James Kemp: consultants help execute mentorship showing someone how I would do it. And James Kemp: this is what I put into practice just for some context here. And this is a demonstration. Again. James Kemp: I create from my community. I coach on the weekly calls I consult on Slack, and I mentor on Zoom. James Kemp: and I curate and demonstrate these actions to pull more people towards me who might benefit. James Kemp: and you can sell each modality individually, or bundle, bundle them together into products. James Kemp: So there was a snapshot of James Kemp: what my stack looked . Recently I have the syndicate I have slack coaching on top. I have zoom mentorship. You can buy consulting hours. I have deep dives that are virtual or in person. James Kemp: And I'm showing you the potential. James Kemp: I'm demonstrating this as the model right. But we are going to use the simplest stack with 2 products. To start James Kemp: right, we're going to have a community, and we're going to have a consulting product on top. James Kemp: If you want to call the consulting coaching. That is fine. I won't get in. I will argue semantics all day long, but I won't get into the semantics here because I'm just going to give you the way to do it rather than getting to quote app and and what it is. James Kemp: So these stack, in the sense that a consulting client gets the community product included. James Kemp: And the construction of product is simply this. what's in it? And how long is it right? So delivery has 3 components, it has content. It has community and customization. James Kemp: So under the hybrid model, we provide everything someone needs to get the promised result. And the simplest model looks this. This is what you should have. and your product James Kemp: and your 2 products. James Kemp: a training portal. So that's James Kemp: how to do stuff training templates anything they need to get the promised result. James Kemp: a community I use school. You can use Facebook groups James Kemp: genuinely, don't care. Just have a community for your people that gets together, and a low friction way for them to be supported and be together. James Kemp: The tier one community offer you have at least one group call and the syndicate we have 2, James Kemp: and on your tier 2 consulting offer you have one on one calls James Kemp: again. I'm giving you the prescription. This is the simple way to do it. James Kemp: If you wish to go fast. If people who wish to go faster or have a high level of access off for tier 2, or getting everything in tier one. James Kemp: and you include only what is required to get them. The core result. So there are some permitted changes for delivering. you can introduce, done for you components which many of you do. James Kemp: your existing coaching program or packages of hours. We have a couple of people here super successfully selling 100 community offer. James Kemp: and then selling bundles of our hours over and above, and making thousands of dollars a month to selling their time, or having an easy offer to sell to the marketplace is very scalable. so the only key James Kemp: is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the community level, because the community level is relatively constrained., we can make 100 to 150 to $200 a week in terms of total client value, and $3,000 a year if we're doing a pay and full option for that. So it's relatively constrained

. so the only key James Kemp: is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the community level, because the community level is relatively constrained., we can make 100 to 150 to $200 a week in terms of total client value, and $3,000 a year if we're doing a pay and full option for that. So it's relatively constrained. So we must find those people to expand their economics. James Kemp: and the people who are higher up the power law ladder, who want to go faster. Some people just want one on one help and customization. James Kemp: The second piece with the product is, how long is it? James Kemp: Again, being prescriptive? Your community offer is 12 months. James Kemp: Okay, so we get to the nuance of how to sell this. But the plan allows us to maximize lifetime value on a path pathway that makes sense to the prospect. James Kemp: So that's the product piece. James Kemp: And a lot of people labor this and get caught up. And I need to include a lot of stuff James Kemp: most products James Kemp: die. James Kemp: Add indigestion they're just hard to consume, and there's too much stuff in them. And that's James Kemp: I've kept that simple on purpose, and that's the that's again, the part that people want to add complexity to, because they think they should include a lot of stuff. Or they look at other people, including a lot of stuff James Kemp: when all you need is content, community and customisation. James Kemp: So that's the product. And the offer is the wrapper around it. James Kemp: So the promise and the plan drive the offer. James Kemp: The offer lives and dies on the first page. And when we get to the Google Doc and some examples James Kemp: it desired, it lives and dies in the first 3 paragraphs. James Kemp: So if you get these right, the offer sells itself James Kemp: clearly, articulating the promise of what gets done, and the plan of how it rolls out allows people to see the future before they commit to buying. James Kemp: This is very distinct of the logistics of how and when everything is delivered what's in it. No one really cares how many calls there are, or how much coaching they get until they're committed to the result. James Kemp: Right? That is pure logistics, and many offers and products are just jammed up with all the stuff James Kemp: that's in them. James Kemp: So match this to the right price, and you are 80% there and having a high converting offer. James Kemp: One of the James Kemp: secrets that how I get fast results with people is distilling down into that first page of the offer. James Kemp: You have a great offer. James Kemp: and, up to 10 million dollars. Now the business is the offer. That is, the may drive a performance. So I'm distilling down the primary things that make a high performing profitable business. James Kemp: So James Kemp: what gets done? James Kemp: And again, this is a important exercise. James Kemp: What gets done? What can you point at? Can you describe what they will see? Show up in their lives if they commit to working with you? Can you articulate in words their deepest desires even better than they can? James Kemp: What aren't they going to do, and what negative downsides? Are you helping them avoid? James Kemp: So what's the plan? What happens first? What happens next? What happens after that? James Kemp: Have you painted a clear picture James Kemp: of how the next few days and weeks look, and what they will see show up. because clear beats, cute James Kemp: name and brand your systems

. because clear beats, cute James Kemp: name and brand your systems. But don't go over the top. James Kemp: and with pricing is there a clear roi? Have you made it easy to get started? And I've done that by giving you the prescriptions of the pricing? James Kemp: And does your price factor in the cost of inaction? Have you just made it really easy to get started as the primary model? And again. this. I'm laboring this because it's a massive failure point. James Kemp: No one wants to watch 54 videos and intend 10 h of calls a week the better the client, and, the more money they have, the less time they have James Kemp: right, because more offers fail because they are indigestible rather than Lane James Kemp: telling people what's in it., all the things they get is more likely to kill demand than enhance it. Again, it's a common failure point that I see in products and offers that people are talking about all the stuff they get. James Kemp: and in and a desire to overwhelm them with value. James Kemp: And it's lazy, because if you have a clear promise and a plan, people don't need to know all the value you you deliver, they just need to get, be clear about it, so they can say yes and get started. James Kemp: So is to get some examples to bring these things together. Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc James Kemp: syndicate folks, 95% of you should have one right now. So the reason we use a Google Doc as far as it's fast to create James Kemp: and to share and to modify. And it's most useful to demonstrate James Kemp: by examples. And I've got a template for you here as well. James Kemp: so this is an example from Jason and Janine. James Kemp: and it talks clearly about the promise James Kemp: and the plan. So the promise is. James Kemp: do you want support for me, and my incredible, incredible community can install a system that can can James Kemp: consistently attracts 5 prospects every month, securing at least one high value client every single month on your terms with the visibility you deserve, and without becoming stuck in the frustration of being the best kept secret. James Kemp: so clearly, clearly, clearly articulates what happens right? It uses numbers. It uses currency to clearly say. James Kemp: this is what's going to happen. This is what you get, and these are things you can point at James Kemp: it clearly, says that it's a 12 month program. but then it comes into over the next 6 weeks. James Kemp: and it talks about the plan will develop your client roadmap so you can. So you are faster. James Kemp: So your laser focused on who you work with. And more importantly, they'll want to work with you right? James Kemp: Then we install your product roadmap James Kemp: very clear. No cuteness. Just the client roadmap, the product roadmap, and then the IP generator system. James Kemp: So it's a great example James Kemp: of being very, very clear about the promise and the plan. and again distilling it down and removing any superfluous bits around the core. Right? Everything else in there is a benefit James Kemp: but the core James Kemp: clearly clearly articulated in the promise as something desirable, and the plan that future paces people to go through. James Kemp: This is what sales offers. James Kemp: If someone is clear that those are the things they want, and they agree with the plan. James Kemp: they are very, very, very likely to want to get started when the price meets the expectation. James Kemp: and again the pricing I've given you, will meet the expectation

. James Kemp: This is what sales offers. James Kemp: If someone is clear that those are the things they want, and they agree with the plan. James Kemp: they are very, very, very likely to want to get started when the price meets the expectation. James Kemp: and again the pricing I've given you, will meet the expectation. James Kemp: So the syndicate, another example. Might, remember, I James Kemp: say, what I teach, what I do and do what I teach. James Kemp: So 32% of the people who see the sender get buy it. James Kemp: The James Kemp: average client value is 121 above the 121% above the entry price. James Kemp: That's why we stack offers the it's almost 50% of people in the syndicate who join James Kemp: by consulting hours from me. James Kemp: A dozen people have joined the sovereign circle, which is, triple the price. Thanks. In triple the price of the Syndicate. James Kemp: We've had 8 people come to Bali, 8 more in January. James Kemp: 6 people have got deep dives, either, in person or in zoom and come. So there are lots of people who are upgraded using the stack and the variant that I run. James Kemp: But I'm giving you the simplest one. So the syndicate James Kemp: is specific about what it does. James Kemp: Again, the promises get him off as pumping out cash with having me crank to the handle myself. James Kemp: Our goal is building a million dollar sovereign, consulting business with 50 clients or less, with just 3 days a week per per week on the tools. James Kemp: Then I lay the plan out right. James Kemp: Everything else is the logistics. and how it unfolds. So James Kemp: over and over again, if we have the correct promise, and we have the plan that is clearly articulated, then that is what sells the offer James Kemp: I have. I offer template for you here today. Make a copy for yourself. James Kemp: and I break down exactly where each of those stases are. So the promise, the plan. James Kemp: and then the phases as I feature, paste them and the price. James Kemp: So when you have those things clearly articulated, and that is the work to do. James Kemp: then your offer converts. James Kemp: So James Kemp: after this, we need to construct to construct offers. James Kemp: But at implementation point. James Kemp: are you clear about your core? It's really important. You get clear about the core? James Kemp: Have you decided what content community and customization to include? James Kemp: Again, I've given you the simplest prescription. Does your offer have a promised plan and price with a clear Roi. James Kemp: that checklist there is going to get you closer to a million dollars than anything else. Right? James Kemp: You could have all the leads in the world, and the best sales patterr than on earth. James Kemp: But if you're clear about those things, that is the needle mover James Kemp: in an offer driven business. That is where the leverages. James Kemp: because you are very, very clear about James Kemp: the core. Reason that you orientate yourself towards the market. James Kemp: You're very, very clear about what you deliver. So it's very scalable, and scalability is in delivery, not in the sales and marketing. James Kemp: And does your offer have a promise to plan and a price with a clear Roi! James Kemp: So skipping ahead, of course, you've just all written a Google Doc offer in the last 37 min. James Kemp: and now you have a first draft of an offer inside there

. James Kemp: You're very, very clear about what you deliver. So it's very scalable, and scalability is in delivery, not in the sales and marketing. James Kemp: And does your offer have a promise to plan and a price with a clear Roi! James Kemp: So skipping ahead, of course, you've just all written a Google Doc offer in the last 37 min. James Kemp: and now you have a first draft of an offer inside there. James Kemp: So your goal should I correct the grammar as I go along? Or is that word. Your goal is to get that offer in front of 10 people and validate it with 3 sales. James Kemp: So during this time you'll be listening intently to feedback from prospects. The validation phase is about learning that outcome that we want in terms of validation of sales. James Kemp: but the learning is where people say no when they have objections where they have questions, and for to update the offer. James Kemp: because it's dynamic again. every time I open the syndicate there's probably one or 2 small tweaks James Kemp: that offer. So even though I've sold it hundreds of times in different iterations. James Kemp: I'm always tweaking the offer to get more clarity into it right so to validate. Audit your audience assets. James Kemp: I do not want to hear that people don't have an audience. James Kemp: Everybody has an audience. They just have different names for it. James Kemp: You have a network, you have a reputation. James Kemp: you have things you have people that you can talk to. that you can validate. So. James Kemp: clients, you haven't closed in the past once to 2 months. Former clients. James Kemp: an email database. So do social media messages, your current advertising partners and networks. James Kemp: 10 people. That's all we want to validate something. James Kemp: If you can think of the first 2 people that you put, a community and consulting offer in front. James Kemp: You're you're a couple of, about 5 min of thinking away from getting to the 10. James Kemp: Everybody has people that they can put office in front of. James Kemp: In a simple way. James Kemp: We send them a simple message. James Kemp: I'm opening the doors for 5 people to work with me to get the promise in James Kemp: the time it takes. James Kemp: I've made it easy to get started for $100 a week. Shall I send you the details? So we use the pricing as a hook. James Kemp: and we start a conversation because the conversation is where it gets the insights. James Kemp: so create a conversation around. The offer is the promise meaningful to them. James Kemp: Getting a no is as good as a yes. because if you get a know with the reasons why. James Kemp: then you get insight into the offer. James Kemp:, this time of year. The no could be a timing. No. James Kemp: no, this is not right now, so it it gets to a next step. James Kemp: No's are just as useful and yes, as in a sales process. because it uncovers the next step. We don't accept maybes because maybes don't lead you to a next step, they just leave you in limbo. James Kemp: So get people to a no James Kemp: right? Is it a timing thing? Is the price thing? Is it a is it a promise thing? Is it a clear? Is it a clear piece. James Kemp: a clarity thing? What makes fun? What questions do they ask James Kemp: again? Clear is kind, clear, is kind to yourself and Clear is kind in office

================================================================================

## TRANSCRIPT: 42 New Transcripts James   Part 12

---
title: New Transcripts James - Part 12
type: transcripts
source_files: New Transcripts James.txt  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: business, client, framework, offer, scale, strategy
token_count: 4754
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.801391
---

# New Transcripts James - Part 12

. I have 80% conversion rates. And without skipping a beat, hormo goes, oh my gosh, that's horrible. And the guy's really taking aback and he is, oh man, you charge way too little. And it was such a powerful moment seeing the penny drop for my client in such an abrupt way of, oh wow. Yeah. What am I doing? This is crazy. And I think that's a real, pricing. I, I have really strong thoughts on pricing 'cause I don't think you should charge a ton of money and make sales really hard and retention really hard. You're looking for a sweet spot. But on the flip side, it's when I had modern autonomy last year, I was charging, I want everyone to hear this. Listen. 'cause it's very, very powerful. I was charging 297 a month for this is, this is real for six support calls a week and unlimited one-to-one with a coach, 297 a month, cancel any time, right? We, we got people in, but it was a nightmare, not the right people. Then in August we stripped back from six calls a week to one call a week. And I, and we removed all one-to-one and we de we increased the price from 297 a month, cancel anytime to $150 a week with a 16 week commitment. No, it was a six month commitment. We sold more people in and we attracted way higher quality people with 80% less delivery. Then we went to 200 a week and it continued to sell and we got 30 clients at that price point in August. Completely automated. That was a huge, huge lesson for me. Sometimes this problem we have of not working with the, the right clients, clients with really, really high standards, low work ethic, not the great vibe. It's a reflection of price because you get what you settle for. Yeah. And at different price points and different goals, the friction levels will be opposite. Right? My $9 trial has a very different goal in terms of friction and filtering than working one with me one-to-one, right? Yep. And so the friction management at, if you've got multiple price points and multiple products or multiple at, at, at, it's related to how much proximity the person has, how much access, what commitments you're making. Yeah. So the, the, pricing is a filter. Yeah. Well, do this guy, this guy Dan Gogh on X? Yeah. So I think Vince is still on the call., he was telling me that he met Dan Gogh. Dan Gogh's a fitness coach, a health and fitness coach. And so he, he probably has an offer, I could probably guess the price point somewhere in the three to $6,000 range. And, but Vince was telling me he has a hundred thousand dollars offer And then he sold it. He sold a few of them. And there's, there's a really interesting framework pricing that I think sometimes it's really, really helpful to have a super expensive thing that number one might take more of the level of support than you, than you want to scale at capacity. And number two, value anchors everything else. someone reached out the other day, who's one of the top network marketers in the world who's become a really good friend of mine. And she was, can you help me build the IG funnel?, help me build it out, do some of it for me. And normally I would just be, this is, I would never do that, but she's really cool. And I was, maybe this would be interesting. So I was, okay, it's 36 K, right? Because I had to find a price that I was, I'd be willing to do it for this amount

. And she was, can you help me build the IG funnel?, help me build it out, do some of it for me. And normally I would just be, this is, I would never do that, but she's really cool. And I was, maybe this would be interesting. So I was, okay, it's 36 K, right? Because I had to find a price that I was, I'd be willing to do it for this amount. And also I have no attachment to whether or not they're gonna say yes. And I think us having offers that you are not attached to selling, but that if it's sold, you'd be over the moon, I think can be really powerful. I don't think change your whole funnel and create an offer that you're depending on and then make it really, really high priced. But for some of you you, you are missing out on a $10,000 VIP day because it doesn't exist. You are, you are missing out on a, I'll fly to you and we workshop together for two, two days, $20,000 thing. And having these tiers and these offers around in your world that you're not diverting all energy towards, but simply having them and putting them out into the market is very, very, very powerful. And at a pure strategic level price anchoring people Yeah. At higher prices helps everything else. Oh yeah. And sometimes you don't even know what demand is in your market until you, you ask if offer to satisfy it in 2021, but Offers solve everything A hundred percent. You have, you have almost zero downside offering something. In 2021, I sold six 20 5K one-to-one coaching spots for 12 weeks. And I'd never done anything that before. And I didn't even know there was anyone who was gonna buy. And it was, and I did it back then out of the energy of I need to make money because I was about to move to America and I felt poor. And also taxes were expensive. And so I was, I need to make some money. So I was, I'm gonna offer one-to-one coaching. And I was, I'm gonna offer one-to-one coaching and I sold six spots at 20 5K each. And then some of those people stayed for a very long time at $10,000 a month. And I was, whoa, I would've never known that that existed. Had I not put that out, I would've never known that demand existed. And so for some of you, you just need to be playing around, not just in the bottom end of workshops and getting people in. Just, just be unapologetic with occasionally just putting out really expensive stuff and seeing if anyone's gonna buy it. The worst case is no one buys and you're in the exact same place that you're in right now. And the best case is obviously it could change your model and change your bank account. Yeah. People, when people were coming to coming to Bali, they were asking me, how do I bring my family? Where do they stay? Et cetera, et cetera. And I was, oh, should get a villa so people can stay in it. And I just, yeah, By the way, if you wanna buy mine, you could buy mine if you wanna do the trifecta. 'cause we're selling our house. So if you wanna build the trifecta of your own little compound and maybe start a cult or a gang, I think that'll be Who thinks James, James should of buy my house? Of if you think James should buy my house, just drop a drop a yes in the chat. ? I'm kidding. But we do need to put it on the Market. King, king of the gang. If I own, yeah

. 'cause we're selling our house. So if you wanna build the trifecta of your own little compound and maybe start a cult or a gang, I think that'll be Who thinks James, James should of buy my house? Of if you think James should buy my house, just drop a drop a yes in the chat. ? I'm kidding. But we do need to put it on the Market. King, king of the gang. If I own, yeah. If I own more than 20% of it, I'm the official king. A hundred percent., is there any other questions here?, we had Jim's question, someone asked about soft CTA and YouTube videos., it was, that was directed at you? At me. Yeah., I'll just say there's no right answer. What's The, what's the soft one compared to a hard one?, I imagine it's just, Hey, by the way, my s**t Versus check this out. Yeah, I'd say so. Yeah. I, I think, I think talking about things is, is is their own as their own CTA, right. I I think people say call to action is VSL, it's a little bit too literal, I think. Yeah. The a call to action doesn't is not a sales pitch. It's a suggestion. Yeah, it's an invitation. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's a, that's another more probably even more useful way to look at it. Check this out. If you want more of this, click on this. If you want more of this message me. If you want, more info, hit reply., there, and I've found that, it's not about, it's not about video, but it's about email. I found you can have multiple CTAs in one piece of content. Yeah. I quite regularly now will have a link to buy something and a PS or a, a thing on the bottom, which encourages people to reply for two completely different things. Yeah. Right. Because all they are is that all they are is an invitation. And some people will take up that invitation or clicking on something and buy it and other people will take up the invitation of of, of doing it. I think, the question is what is the natural, you've been saying, Dan, signpost, what is the natural next thing to ask them to do? Or or, or make 'em invite? if you need to have a conversation with someone about, before you sell them something or you, you need to have a conversation to, to make sure it's suitable for them. Yeah. Just say, reach out. Just have a chat. The, the, the, the energy behind what you say is infinitely more important than what you say., we've all been on the receiving end of an invitation. That was not an invitation. It was some form of manipulation., the mother-in-law or the mother or the father or the brother. And they're not making, an invitation. They're suggesting something very, very strongly., I get this when I'm in New Zealand. It's, not casual, Hey, if you're free this week, let me know otherwise No worries. It's, Hey, I'm free these days. When can I come around? Only if you're free though. No pressure. But I would really love to see the grandkids. I may or may not be speaking about a grandparent right now. And the the energy behind those is that you already know that there's, there's, there's a wrong answer here, right? And the easiest way I've found to move people through a funnel to help them improve their lives by buying our products is to not care whether or not they go through the funnel and buy your products

. No pressure. But I would really love to see the grandkids. I may or may not be speaking about a grandparent right now. And the the energy behind those is that you already know that there's, there's, there's a wrong answer here, right? And the easiest way I've found to move people through a funnel to help them improve their lives by buying our products is to not care whether or not they go through the funnel and buy your products. And I know that's so intangible and counterintuitive, but I'm telling you, I have done, I don't know how many YouTube videos, YouTube has made me so much money. I have now three videos on there that have a call to action and they're just the VSLs the different versions. And then maybe in 5% of videos, I remind, I remember to remind people that there is a video in the link. The number one piece of of feedback I get from my video content is that. I'm not trying to sell people anything, which is ironic 'cause I, I do have something to sell. I just never think about that thing I have to sell when I'm creating content. I do not muddy the waters. And so whether you make an invitation or not, both can totally work. I find that, that I attract better clients when I assume that they're all smart. And so if they want to find out more about me, they'll click the link in the description or, the reason landing pages exist is because we are scared that if we send someone on a website, they're gonna get lost too many buttons. Oh my gosh, what are they gonna, and I just, I I've just found to be true for myself, the more I assume that the people that follow me are really smart and know what to do, the more I attract really smart people., I'll give you an example. P pragmatically on, on the ad strategy. The primary ad strategy I have is to grow my Instagram to get people to follow me. I used to say in the first sentence, follow Dan Bolton or follow at Bolton if you are X and want y. Now I just boost content. And the CTA on the ad is a part of Meta meta's ad structure, which just says visit Instagram profile. So I assume my people are smart enough to read a piece of content that resonates with and go, Hmm, who's this guy? I don't think I have to tell them to follow me. They just naturally do. When I removed the follow me CTAI got more followers at a cheaper price. It's the, it's the same thing if when people ask me how long does the copy need to be right? I said, as long as it, as long as it needs to be to, to tell the story you want to tell or convey the message you want to convey. Right? The right quote unquote, people will read it and the wrong quote unquote people won't. And so it's the, I firmly believe we're in the ideas business and if you have high conviction and insight and passionate about the ideas, then that's what comes through. And that's the CTA, that's the only CTA you need. Elizabeth, who is now, I I this question formally Liz, who's now formally Liz. Yeah. What would you do? I feel my answer would be crap. I wouldn't try and build a community. I would try and assemble a hundred people around a single thing that I'd solve for myself and show them how to do it. I'd get a hundred guys to show them how to navigate divorce. I'd get a hundred guys to show them how to boost their testosterone or something that to a thousand, What's up, what's up with the new, what's up with the new direction, bro, I've got it

. I wouldn't try and build a community. I would try and assemble a hundred people around a single thing that I'd solve for myself and show them how to do it. I'd get a hundred guys to show them how to navigate divorce. I'd get a hundred guys to show them how to boost their testosterone or something that to a thousand, What's up, what's up with the new, what's up with the new direction, bro, I've got it. I've got it oozing out my portal. But No, I, I, I wouldn't try, I'd just be really, really useful and really specific to a hundred people., I'm come here and I'm gonna show you how to do this because I would have high confidence that once I'd showed them how to solve that problem or fulfill that desire that that I would've created another one for them to stick around and enough trust to, to for to, for them to ask me to help them do it. Okay. I'm, oh, I'm just using silly example, but, I'll help you navigate divorce and then I help you find a Brazilian Wife as if you help them facilitate new divorce. And Then I help you have far too many children and then I help you get too many do, I, I just think Problems and solutions stack onto each other and if we're really useful to somebody, we're solving a problem and creating another one in real time. And I wouldn't think about the long term. I'd think about being super useful to a hundred people and I get 'em into it into one place and I'd show them just how to do that and then let everything unfold. And, the a hundred people would probably dwindle off into, into 50, but by that time you, you would've had, you would've brought more people in on the, on the front end who wanted to solve that particular problem or fulfill that desire. I think we're, I think we're really qualified to do a very small number of things. Yeah. And we are, we, we dabble in the others and so if we think about what we're really, really qualified to do, we are extremely useful to a hundred people on earth right now. Yeah. How I would think about it is, I remove time. I don't, I no longer think about fastest or slowest because I just dunno if time exists on a metaphysical quantum perspective. And, anytime I insist on anything being fast, even fastest, I lose sight of it. So how I would think about it is from a, if you're asking a pragmatic question, not the spiritual side, but the pragmatic, but that aligns with me is I would create one offer that gives people a level of support, that most coaching programs don't. So I wouldn't make them go through, Sarah and John, the support coaches to maybe get me on a support call. It's, we are, we are in this together. Me and this a hundred people are in this together. The second thing is I would focus on one channel, right? So I would really, the more, the more I, the more I think about it strategically, the more I'm, maybe email is the best way. It's just that it just, I just don't it. 'cause it's just one channel., it's, it's just broadcast. you could, you could send, I could see myself sending five emails a day in the future, just treating it Facebook. But I would, but I would do that with YouTube. So whether it's Instagram and YouTube or email on YouTube, I probably wouldn't do all three again anymore., and I would just, yeah, I, I'm just answering as if I would do it right now

. 'cause it's just one channel., it's, it's just broadcast. you could, you could send, I could see myself sending five emails a day in the future, just treating it Facebook. But I would, but I would do that with YouTube. So whether it's Instagram and YouTube or email on YouTube, I probably wouldn't do all three again anymore., and I would just, yeah, I, I'm just answering as if I would do it right now. I'd create a VSL The key thing though is I would really just say no to anything that that is going to pull me away from doing what feels most alive to me. The, the, the short way is always the long way because the short way never eventuates. And so then you end up starting another short way and another short way and then another fastest path. And I think the, the way that I would do it is not too dissimilar to what I do strategically when I did it. I think it's much more about allowing myself to say no to anything that sounds work. I think that I make the most money when I do nothing. I, we've talked about this before, James. I almost entirely get paid to exist. My definition of getting paid to exist is all of us. If we had no obligations in the world, maybe for the next month you would do nothing. You'd play semi retired, you'd have fun. You, you have no money needs. That's great. At some point though, you'll, you're gonna start to get the jitters of, I want to do something with my life. Whatever you would do with no constraints is, is your version of existence. For me. There's no world where I have so much money, I don't create something that's the stuff I want to do. It's why I am on earth. And so for me, it's just eliminating anything that feels work and everyth and leaning into everything that just feels I get to exist and do this. in no way do I feel any level of work being on this call., I'm, dude, look at where I'm sitting right now., this is so sick. I have a coffee. I got my electrolytes, I've got some Turkish on the way. This is unbelievable. And it's more than just the beach or the computer or the lifestyle. It's that I just get to show up and be me. And I think that's the best gift we could give ourselves in any way, shape or form is where are we trying to conform to a version of ourselves that isn't who we really are. And so the question for me is, what would I do if it was guaranteed to work? if I knew that a hundred clients was inevitable, what's the stuff that I would just love to do? And I think those kinds of questions are really powerful because it strips away all the obligation and it allows you to tap into your true essence. But, the origin point of all my objectively and subjectively best offers was one person. Yeah., I'm, I'm conceptualizing how I'm conceptual., it's not how I, I know how, but I'm conceptualizing when I launch a done for you offer shortly because I'm, I saw someone get stuck in a place that they, I can not get them stuck in by execution around a, a funnel. And I'm, if I just did this for this person, it would, everything else would flow from it and this, that, that, that this would be an exponential intervention for this person. And that's the same characteristic of every offer that is, it was for, it was for something I saw with one person and then it, the scale comes from the trust that well, if it's really useful and really good for one person, then it's probably good for 10. Yeah

================================================================================

