---
title: daily client machine Framework - Complete Guide
type: frameworks
source_files: 1d5153d5ffa7b721  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: daily client machine, framework, system, method
token_count: 11269
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.797054
---

# daily client machine Framework - Complete Guide

# daily client machine Framework

## Overview

** James discusses strategies for maximizing community revenue, including offering annual payments with bonuses and utilizing the hybrid offer model to present multiple tiers without confusing potential clients.

## Complete Framework

## # Processed Transcript ## Introduction & Welcome Hey! Peeps

# Processed Transcript ## Introduction & Welcome Hey! Peeps. I seem to have zoom open twice. I don't even know how that's possible, but it's working. Just wait a minute while you'll roll in. I'll drop the usual in the chat. It's about the dock and this one is going to expand as we go along, so add add some ads and other things as we go along, because it's a pretty dynamic dynamic funnel. So the daily client machine how's that for size? The the font. Good. I know these Google docs are good, good, good. So. Jim Tyrrell: Good enough. James Kemp: Good enough, that's all we need. So daily flight machine coming up to coming up to 7 years old in terms of in terms of a concept and the market is the same and different in many ways. But what hasn't changed is that, market dynamics are exactly that the distribution of a market is exactly that so client serving businesses are set up to serve clients. Yet the majority of the marketplace won't become a client. and over a long enough time period. If we quote unquote nurture people long enough and stay consistent, then clients come out of an audience in sufficient numbers. And what you find is that on average people will. turn one to 5% of their audience., and that's a broad metric into a client. So, you get a thousand people. You get a thousand leads, and, over time you get 10 to 30 clients out of a pretty common ratios. And there's 2 issues with this that it's really inefficient. If you're not selling to 990 or 970 people that you've, got the attention of, captured the details off and got the permission to talk to. Then that's it's a large portion of wastage.

---

Future buyers and customers captured early
Faster cashflow and marketing scale
31% of email list are buyers
Higher conversion rates on future offers
Enhancing Lead Generation Efficiency
James discussed the inefficiencies of traditional lead generation systems, highlighting that only 1-5% of an audience typically converts to clients, resulting in significant waste. He emphasized the need for scalable and controlled systems to identify potential clients early and generate cash flow during growth. James also explained different client types, from those investing in long-term coaching to occasional buyers, and stressed the importance of adapting strategies to the evolving market. He concluded that while traditional lead generation methods still work, they are not sustainable for long-term growth and need to be improved for better efficiency and scalability.
Unified Funnel Strategy Integration
James discussed his work on integrating two distinct funnel approaches into a unified strategy. He explained how the dual-mode client generation system can use non-client buyers to fund marketing efforts while targeting high-quality prospects. James outlined two main buying types: one focused on consuming information and deriving insight, and another on purchasing and consuming information. He emphasized that both approaches have their advantages and can be used together to create a more effective funnel system. James also touched on the importance of understanding the context around offers, including what happens before and after the offer itself.
Marketing Strategies and Content Optimization
James discussed various marketing strategies, including hybrid offers, daily client machines, and video-based content. He emphasized the importance of using a style that is native to the presenter and highlighted the significance of the headline in driving conversions for big idea videos and VSLs. James also explained the concept of insight funnels, starting with high-tier offers and downselling if necessary, and discussed the effectiveness of different ad formats for low-ticket funnels. He concluded by explaining the DCM (Daily Client Machine) concept and the importance of presenting the same core ideas in different formats to appeal to different buying types.
Optimizing Low-Ticket Funnel Strategies

. If I generate leads, then therefore I should. James Kemp: This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage is. there's hundreds of posts, hundreds of ads. You can run hundreds of variables on the front ends James Kemp: that you need to find the one or 2 that works. James Kemp: So if you start with hundreds of variables, and then there's 20 different ways to sell it. Then you need to decipher all those variables, and most people fail James Kemp: because they're being sold to by marketers whose default choice is marketing. James Kemp: and the best way to head a goal is not to work towards it is to work backwards from it James Kemp: because working fords is chaotic because there's so many potential variables, there's hundreds of ways to market and lot of them work. There's hundreds of ways to sell and a lot of them work. James Kemp: But working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage. James Kemp: because over a long enough time period and everybody's tried that we all have both approaches, get you to the goal, but working backwards, gets you there faster and with more certainty. James Kemp: So we're going to do 3 things James Kemp: we're going to create and validate a threek offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc. And that's what we're going to focus on today. James Kemp: We're going to create and sell a customer offer that converts 5% of its buyers into clients for you James Kemp: in that offer that we've just defined. James Kemp: Then we're going to automate the lead flow and the customer offer and Nsn. Customers into clients every week. James Kemp: So we go from making 3 K. And validating that to 3 KA week to 3 KA day. James Kemp: So we use 3 systems to do this. The hybrid offer James Kemp: which I'll talk about today, customers to clients and the daily client machine. James Kemp: The sequence is very, very, very, very important. because each of these systems solve for a specific stage. and we've got a master one before moving to the next one. James Kemp: and that's the right pace. James Kemp: Right? You may be at different stages, and everybody here is at different stages of the current offer of the marketing of the flow. James Kemp: But skipping steps is not speed. I constantly go back and reevaluate my offer based on feedback. James Kemp: One of the reasons that we use Google Docs is because it's dynamic, right? You can put it on the sales page. And those things later. Once you have something that converts at 30 to 40, James Kemp: but it's dynamic. I'm tweaking words. I'm tweaking, positioning all the time. James Kemp: so skipping steps is not speed. It sometimes feels it. I can just jump straight to marketing. I need more leads, so I can just jump jump to that. But it's just skipping steps. James Kemp: So mastery and the sequence compounds. The better your hybrid offer. The more clients you convert. the better your customers to client system, the more customers and clients you generate. and the better your daily client machine, the more leads turn into customers who turn into clients and and it compounds in action. James Kemp: Right? So the sequence is really really important. James Kemp: and syndicate folks know that I just bang on about offers all the time, because it's the big fulcrum. It's the big lever James Kemp: the better your offer the easier everything is the better your offer you don't need to do my selling at all. You just do some invitations the better. Offer the faster your marketing works out of the gate

---

## Examples & Case Studies

## The Power of a Singular Idea in Dual Modes It's more likely to be consumed than it is. If it's behind a paywall paid information has attention and attention advantage. If people pay, they tend to pay attention right? And so putting information and insight in front of people using both at the same time, is the force multiplier. And this, gets above that. What is the one funnel. There isn't 1 funnel. There is understanding the principles behind, a singular idea, being deployed and deploying it in different modes. So the Dcm 2.0 deploys both at the same time. and we create the same. We take the same idea and create 2 funnels. Each funnel leads to an offer. The client. Funnel uses an insight path. So consumption of information, and the customer funnel uses an info path. Purchasing and consuming information right? So as always, it's much simpler to show you rather than tell you so. One of the things that is the most challenging with offers right when we're making offers is what precedes the offer? What happens around the offer that you're making? And we, when we look at Google Docs, we often look at the the offer. That's inside the Google Doc. But we need to understand what's happened before that. And we also need to understand what's happened after it as well. That's my, both my zooms going off at once. So the client funnel works with both organic content and paid traffic right? So the top of the funnel we have content and pre-selling content is about 2 different things. It's about consistency and understanding that there's only really 3 content types that we're putting out there. So pre-selling content does exactly that. It pre- sells them on. What can happen next. So the content types are our mechanisms. I will talk about the hybrid offer. I will show how it works. I'll give different examples to it. I will talk about the daily client machine. I'll show how it works. I'll give different examples to it.

---

## Content Strategy & World Building This pre-sells people on the ideas that these things work and gives them insight that it might work for them right? And so the other top content types are, the identity I talk about the sovereign consultant. I talk about the sovereign components and and the process, and especially with video based content. You are showing those things as well rather than just telling right? So where are you? What is the background? What world are you in. What's your philosophy? Who's around you? What is the day in the life, what is behind the scenes? Who are the characters? If you're on a refresher on those things, then it's in the authority training in the, in the membership. So the world building is., the things around you, and though they can be, stories, I do, stop marketing, start demonstrating as me, just talking about my experience and pointing something out and giving inside philosophy online coaching is dead. But there's lots of things that are more mechanistic here as well. That content, if we're doing it from a content way, then funnels them to a big idea. Video. And this is for all intents and purposes of Vsl. I don't call it a Vsl, because I have found. There's no actual formula that applies to each individual. There are particular formulas that apply to certain categories. If you're just selling coaching, there's a particular formula for that. If you're just selling agency, there's a particular formula for a Vsl that works really well, and a lot of those Vsls to be honest work very well in call funnels, but less well in insight funnels. So I frame my, big idea as a demo.

---

. Tom Rolley: Thank you. James Kemp: An insight based funnel will by nature educate people about, talk to pains. James Kemp: talk to problems, present solutions, and then say, do you want to fix them. James Kemp: whereas info funnel is, you've got a problem. James Kemp: Here's something that solves that problem. James Kemp: I'll prove to you that I can solve that problem. You've probably got another problem James Kemp: would. I'll prove to you that I can solve that problem. Hey? Do you want help solving all these problems at once? We should work together. Tom Rolley: And daily client machine is only info, or Tom Rolley: is it inside as well, can you . James Kemp: The new way of doing it. you're delivering those things both of those things at once, because they complement each other. James Kemp: The old way of doing it was, generating a lead, then trying to liquidate the customer, etc. But you only get one buying type James Kemp: right. And my. James Kemp: I've got high level clients who have come through both paths. They've watched videos. They've reached out to me James Kemp: right. And then I've got people who just bought and bought and bought and bought until we had the conversation of, Hey, do you just want to stop buying stuff and work together James Kemp: same people, but the path that they came through was distinct in terms of who they were, how they bought, and some people flick between different buying types based on timing in different ways, and some people only buy that certain way. James Kemp: Alright. James Kemp: I know people who never ever buy info products. James Kemp: and they won't buy any high ticket that way. And I also people who will not get on a call won't talk to someone won't watch a video that's longer than 30 seconds, and we'll just buy info products all day long and then go. I'm going to hire you for this. James Kemp: Right? They're different buying paths. Tom Rolley: Okay. Cool. James Kemp: And if we only use one of them, then we're limited on. James Kemp: We're limited on a few fronts, and James Kemp: where we are in terms of marketplace and maturity. And those things. It's it's it's pretty difficult to James Kemp: to grow and scale things when you're James Kemp: when you're limited, not understanding the James Kemp: what, what what is taking place. Tom Rolley: Okay, cool, cool. Yeah. building for both of those buying styles Tom Rolley: and then not eliminating the other one. Tom Rolley: Yeah, cool. Okay. James Kemp: Anymore, for anymore. Tom Rolley: Siobhan's got her hand up. I don't know whether you can see that one, but. James Kemp: I cannot. Tom Rolley: It's just showing on mine. James Kemp: Got a question. Siobhan.

## Q&A: Organic vs. Paid Ad Messaging Shevaune Ray: Yep, Shevaune Ray: congrats to Tom for pronouncing my name correctly. 1st of all. I just had a quick one, and sorry I'm out getting ice cream. I didn't think I'd get on. Shevaune Ray: So you were saying that with paid ads when you started differentiating who you were talking to by saying, coaches versus consultants, that Shevaune Ray: your paid ad spend bent down when you're using these in an organic way, or with your existing audience, did it convert better when you did that as well. James Kemp: No. Shevaune Ray: Okay. James Kemp: But that's self-fulfilling, right? Because the majority of my audience I've already got as James Kemp: self-selected by being those people. Anyway. James Kemp: Yeah, I don't tend to Co. In content. I don't tend to speak to a specific category or identity too much. But in ads, they're showing them to so many different people James Kemp: right? The filter that you go past it is this for me, has to be a lot more explicit and standing out in in most cases. Shevaune Ray: Yeah, that's it's something I've been playing with in my Shevaune Ray: wording. And how I speak to people. I it's so all over the place. Sometimes when I'm targeting Shevaune Ray: and I'm not specific, I can convert crazy. Sometimes Shevaune Ray: those saying the same things just doesn't do anything, and I don't know if it's the market, or it's me, or it's how I'm saying it. But I have realized that Shevaune Ray: I need to unbundle my products more because I was doing exactly what you were just talking about, which they solved a problem. Everybody was really happy, but they didn't want to really do more work because it solved it for too long. Shevaune Ray: and then they would go off, and they'd be happy for so long that I was, Well. Shevaune Ray: I'm nurturing you, and I'm talking to you, and I'm trying to sell you more things, and they were just, no, I'm I'm good I'm good now. Shevaune Ray: So I was selling them one high ticket thing, and they were good for a year. And that just doesn't really work for return clients. Shevaune Ray: So I was selling them one high ticket thing, and they were good for a year. And that just doesn't really work for return clients. James Kemp: That's the paradox of some work. Is that James Kemp: doing a good job limits the lifetime value of a client. Shevaune Ray: And ultimately they can't act on Shevaune Ray: all of it, either. They just feel they are, because they have all the information. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, there, in most cases, most people just want relief from how they feel what they're feeling today. James Kemp: That. Shevaune Ray: And that's. James Kemp: And their drive and their will to James Kemp: transcend their current limitations is quite limited. Shevaune Ray: And I think you clarified this at the end when you were just talking with Tom. But the the difference in your new daily client machine is Shevaune Ray: selling, both doing it both info and insight, and not one or the other. Is that really the biggest difference. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, to understanding that the perfect funnel doesn't exist we could run low ticket info funnels, forever

. Shevaune Ray: And I think you clarified this at the end when you were just talking with Tom. But the the difference in your new daily client machine is Shevaune Ray: selling, both doing it both info and insight, and not one or the other. Is that really the biggest difference. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, to understanding that the perfect funnel doesn't exist we could run low ticket info funnels, forever. And then we'll just reach James Kemp: the limitations, but would also be missing out on a ton of people who bought in a different way. James Kemp: And also we would buy, we could run, lead, lead funnels and those things all day long. James Kemp: but would also be missing out on the people who buy via an infopath and buy products and consume them, etc. Etc. And that's their buying style. Shevaune Ray: Chat too. James Kemp: And the I'm looking for things sustainable. I don't want to be building a new funnel. James Kemp: . I don't want to be building a new funnel every year. I want the core laid down, and then just reframing it, and modifying it as it goes along, rather than . Oh, my God! The webinars, died after 6 months, or the lead magnet stopped working after 3. James Kemp: That's exhausting for most people. So we need a, we need a methodology and a philosophy that's got utility. We can add different. James Kemp: We can change the video. We can change the frontier product. But. Shevaune Ray: And that's I do appreciate that. I know. I I told you that I just switched over to go high level and I appreciate that about that system is that you can set it up with multiple entry points, and all you have to change is the workflow. Instead of rewriting the whole thing. If you just want to switch something out. James Kemp: Yeah. Yeah., once, once the James Kemp: once we've got the especially the info funnel working, it's, okay, let's put some more offers on the front because the bumps the same, the membership offers the same, the upsells the same. So you're just changing out the front end. And, products, fatigue markets, fatigue, things change, and on an increasingly. James Kemp: quick basis, right? And James Kemp: AI, and these things will accelerate that because people feel that they've got much deeper, information inside than they probably necessarily have, so they'll make very good products. James Kemp: But because people are buying them, and that's proven and gpts. And these things the people who are selling them are doing very well. James Kemp: but also they're on the back end. They're tough to convert, because you've you've given every everybody, everything they needed. James Kemp: And you've you've got true cannibalization. So yeah, it's the. Shevaune Ray: Are you going to talk more about? Shevaune Ray: Were you gonna talk more about AI in this meeting? James Kemp: Not today. Shevaune Ray: Not today. That was the other call, okay? Shevaune Ray: yeah. That's I stuck myself in a a rock and a hard place, because Shevaune Ray: the market shifted just as I was ramping up and really relaunching my new structure. And Shevaune Ray: I'm realizing to get that Shevaune Ray: I used to be able to just sell the high ticket, and a very a piece of unbundled of the the higher ticket. Shevaune Ray: And the market really just is so bored overwhelmed

. That's I stuck myself in a a rock and a hard place, because Shevaune Ray: the market shifted just as I was ramping up and really relaunching my new structure. And Shevaune Ray: I'm realizing to get that Shevaune Ray: I used to be able to just sell the high ticket, and a very a piece of unbundled of the the higher ticket. Shevaune Ray: And the market really just is so bored overwhelmed. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, there's there's fatigue all over right, because it's the same stuff James Kemp: largely propagated by the same people. James Kemp: And, people have gone around it, and so James Kemp: they've they've come around and come back to the beginning and, well, what now? James Kemp: I still don't have the things I want. I'm still not the person I want to be. I'm still not getting the results. I want to be. What now. Shevaune Ray: And that's I'm trying to tap into that and get my messaging around that exact thing because I've identified it. But it's Shevaune Ray: what part of that gets people to take action and move instead of just making them more depressed and not want to do anything. So that's that's what I've been playing with in your bundling and unbundling video, the client or customers to clients. Shevaune Ray: And the daily client machine has been, I just keep going back to those and saying, Okay, I'm going to Shevaune Ray: found something different in there. I'm going to change this around. I'm going to do that. And I think I'm gonna Shevaune Ray: sit with the templates from this, and really go to town on it. James Kemp: Yeah, when when things are. James Kemp: when things are tough, or you or you think, you're throwing different stuff out there. And it's James Kemp: when things are tough, or you or you think, you're throwing different stuff out there. And it's James Kemp: sometimes working or not working, there's nothing consistent. James Kemp: Then return back to 1st principles, which is, get a customer James Kemp:, what are we in the business of getting customers. James Kemp: But most things are downstream from that. James Kemp: And it. It just so happens that the nature of James Kemp: online marketing and these things which are, under 10 years old. James Kemp: Everybody went to get a high ticket client, and James Kemp: not appreciating that there were a particular set of circumstances where that worked really really well. James Kemp: because we combined high ticket and high margin with high scale and cheap traffic. Shevaune Ray: Yeah, that's for me. I was selling Shevaune Ray: a high ticket customer offer. And I thought I had cracked the code. I thought I was doing amazing, because most of my month was free, and I only had to sell 4 people to be making a lot of money. And I was I did it. I figured out the thing. This is the smartest thing ever. No, because as soon as as soon as the market shifts Shevaune Ray: all those leads dry up, and you have to keep selling and selling and selling every month. And where do they go after they work with you? There's nowhere to put them. Shevaune Ray: and they're not in your world. James Kemp: It's hard to sell recurring products when there's no recurring problems. James Kemp: And some people have recurring product problems where they just don't identify them

> "I want your support in getting offers pumping out cash without me having to crank the handle myself. Our goal is building a $3k offer that you take to $3k per week clockwork."
 The plan: 
> "We will install the sovereign system, talk about the client offer, customer offers, and then install the daily client machine."
 The promise, the plan, and the phases. This offer lives and dies on this page. Everything else is logistics. Price is relevant to value. $100/week. What's the risk? Weekly frame, come in, can leave. I choose no guarantees, promises, or refunds. Guarantees are a product of trust perception. The more track record you have, the less you need a guarantee. ## Maximizing Community Economics and the Hybrid Offer Approach **Summary:** James discusses strategies for maximizing community revenue, including offering annual payments with bonuses and utilizing the hybrid offer model to present multiple tiers without confusing potential clients. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** We use the $100/week as a hook. Getting payment upfront is preferable. The average $100/week person stays 15-18 weeks, worth $1500-$1800. If we get $3000 upfront, we get cash upfront and they're more committed. I have a $3900 annual offer with a one-on-one call. This converts at 30%. To maximize conversions, I'd offer it at $2500-$3000. Offering $2500 annually is over a 50% discount. We use pricing to incentivize and collect cash. The hybrid offer sells the first tier without harming conversion to the client offer. 
> "You're receiving regular workshops and 24/7 access. Beyond that, have an option for my personal help. Members can upgrade or I can build you a custom plan to take an offer from $3k to $3k/week to $3k/day."
 The language is unforceful. 
> "Maybe don't select this unless you really want it. It's likely you get all the support you need. If you want higher-level access, this could be for you."
 Community benefits: 
> "As a member, you get access to every recording and training."

- ```txt ## Crafting a Compelling Offer **Summary:** This chunk discusses the importance of a strong offer, working backward from the desired outcome, and the core components of an offer-driven model. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Welcome! Today, we'll focus on constructing your daily client machine—how to generate leads hourly, customers daily, and clients weekly. It's critical to attack things in the right order: offer, then sales, then marketing. The best way to hit a goal is to work backward from it. Create and validate an offer, make three sales with a Google Doc, create a customer offer that converts 5% of buyers into clients, and then automate lead flow, customer offers, and ascend customers into clients weekly. This system creates leads and customers, engages with customers to understand their intent, and captures those who don't display immediate intent for future conversion. The two key components are your big idea and your customer offer. The process is: lead magnet (capture and opt-in), customer offer ($100 digital product), and client offer. The big idea is a product of your client and customer offers, a frame that catches attention, creates curiosity, and establishes authority. ## Big Ideas and Customer Offers **Summary:** This chunk explores different frames for creating a big idea, including swiping, next steps, automation, and identity. It also discusses the customer offer and its role in converting leads. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Many big ideas become so successful they become the brand. Consider these frames: swiping (copy my success), next steps (your first client), automation (automatic clients), and identity (the sovereign consultant). Big ideas often have utility across multiple products (books, courses, consulting). My big idea, "selling from a Google Doc," led to a daily client machine that generates 5-10 leads daily and 1-2 product sales, doubling with simple ads. Put your big idea everywhere—social media profiles, ads. The customer offer turns leads into customers. Ideal components include training, templates, a live workshop, and a call. ## Offer Creation and Validation **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer creation, validation through market feedback, and the key principles of promise, process, and plan. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The path to a million-dollar business is simple, not easy: promise, process, mechanisms, plan, validation, sales, scale, automation. The hybrid offer is key, a single offer with multiple products. Four reasons people buy help: make money, save money, stay legal, live a better life. Focus on one core reason; everything else is a benefit. Understand the problem/desire you're solving. Validation is getting your offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. Use the community for feedback based on real data. ## Hybrid Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk explains the hybrid offer, its advantages over traditional consulting, and provides specific pricing recommendations for community offers, consulting offers, and customer offers. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer, containing multiple products. It includes a 12-month ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Pricing examples: Community offers ($100-200/week, $3,000 annual), consulting offers ($300-600/week), customer offers ($100). This pricing maximizes conversions and economics, making it easy to get started and upgrade. ## Offer Construction Principles **Summary:** This chunk details the three core principles of offer construction: promise, process, and plan. It stresses the importance of clarity, future pacing, and avoiding information overload. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** Three principles: promise (what gets done), process (how it works), plan (how it rolls out)

. This approach simplifies the process and allows for quicker client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** This is a lead magnet on steroids or a reduction of a workshop. Right? And again, most people here have done both of those things, and the book is the happy middle ground in terms of the asset that is created from those, and also an asset that ultimately we can put into something that's got bit better economics. ## Chris Benetti on Book Funnels and Client Acquisition **Summary:** Chris Benetti emphasizes the importance of viewing a book as a tool for client acquisition, rather than striving for a large, complex publication. A shorter, focused book created quickly can be more effective for generating clients. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** I think the point you made, a book, not the book is is huge. I think that's a massive thing that most people just they see, all of the Russell Brunson's, and they see, Dan Martell, buy back your time, and they're man. These books are massive, we've got to do best seller and all this crap. And it's just., that's that's great for them, and where they're at, and their status in life, and what they're trying to accomplish. But for you, you most likely want to get clients from your book. And so the the book doesn't need to be. Doesn't need to be a thing, and it it should just be a a machine in the cog, for where you're at right now, and what you want to achieve from the book and I'm sure those guys get clients because they have these massive things that they're putting out there. But that's that's, probably 2 years worth of work to create one of those assets and to to create a marketing campaign around that. And it's just, I'd rather you guys turn out a book in a weekend and get clients next week. ## Framing Your Book Around Client Problems and Solutions **Summary:** Chris Benetti advises focusing on the core problems clients face and creating a book that offers solutions and a clear path to working with you. This simple approach can be highly effective for client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** and and I think it's more simple than we think. So the the thing from my perspective that I to just talk about is is the frame. So a lot of a lot of people work with you guys because you have a solution to offer, and they're likely struggling with a core common problem. And so if we can just identify what that problem is, and then write a book that, talks about the solution right then and there, and then a pathway to how they can work with you to achieve that thing. Then that's a very simple cycle that we can control and create. And it doesn't need to be complicated. ## Mechanism Books, Client Acquisition, and the Path to Traditional Publishing **Summary:** Mechanism-focused books often outperform big idea books in sales due to their problem-solving nature. A client-getting book can also pave the way for traditional publishing opportunities later on. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** Those the mechanism books sell better than the big Big idea books, because they're more immediate and they're more problem focused. So the daily client machine was very, very easy book to sell. It had a very high conversion rate, and it had a very high conversion rate off the back end, because the the this is how you get clients every day is a, a common thing that's top of mind. So the mechanism books are a little bit easier to sell them, anyways, because they're more problem orientated and solution orientated than

. So the daily client machine was very, very easy book to sell. It had a very high conversion rate, and it had a very high conversion rate off the back end, because the the this is how you get clients every day is a, a common thing that's top of mind. So the mechanism books are a little bit easier to sell them, anyways, because they're more problem orientated and solution orientated than . A concept the sovereign consultant where someone's going to look and look at what's that? Just to close off on the book idea? Our book can lead to the book. I've been approached by publishers twice over the years and said. You've got a book, and you've got an audience and you've got. Do you want to write a book? The book with us so. But I wouldn't have been able to have those conversations, and someone reach out until I had a book out there in the 1st place. ## Book Economics and the Importance of Distribution **Summary:** Maximizing book sales requires effective distribution, which in turn necessitates sound economics. The goal is to create a funnel that allows for paid traffic and ideally generates enough revenue to cover ad costs, making customer acquisition free. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So the the book and the economics matter a lot . Candidly, you could write a book, stand alone and not do any of the funnel things, put it on. Amazon. Run a basic funnel to it. You get clients right. It can be a really effective customer and client generation tool on its own., there's plenty of people have built pretty okay, little businesses just having a book and not thinking about any of the economics. But to maximize the book and the economics, we need to have distribution right to maximize any asset we need to have distribution. So we need maximum economics to maximize that distribution because we can do something that is the unicorn of of marketing. We can get the product to pay for itself. So we need to plan its economics and create a funnel which allows us to run paid traffic to the book. ## Self-Liquidating Book Funnels and Ad Tracker Transparency **Summary:** James Kemp shares his ad tracker, demonstrating how a well-structured book funnel can be front-end profitable, covering ad costs and even generating profit. Transparency in tracking, including agency fees, is crucial for understanding true funnel economics. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So the the simple goal we have for this is to generate enough revenue from the product sales to cover ad costs. So here's the tiny Tiny. He doesn't make it. This Tiny. He lets me read it. Here's the here's the the a snapshot of the ad tracker that Chris and his team do for do for me every day. So Alex uploads the the sales numbers, and then Chris puts the the ad spend in including his fee. and remember that, when you're looking at outgoings. If you work with anybody in an agency, a lot of agencies will pretend that the fee doesn't exist, and it's just, it's all gravy. But the but Chris puts his fee in here. So it's super transparent about what the actual economics of the funnel is. ## The "More of the Same" Principle in Book Funnels **Summary:** Book funnels should offer additional products and resources that expand upon the core idea presented in the book. This "more of the same" approach caters to different consumption preferences and maximizes the value offered within the funnel. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** when I asked Chris yesterday, I'm, What's the what's the message about the book funnel ? What's the how should people think about it? He said. Something that's, very simple in terms of its concept, which is more of the same. If someone is buying the book

. He explains that this speed transmits a potent energy and makes the content more compelling and alive for the audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And so speed to message matters. If you give an insight or you get an insight, and then you create the content quickly off the back of that, then that content will be very, very potent. So Brad was in my house. He came here for a VIP, we spent a day writing on the, with the dogs writing on the window, putting out a plan for him for the next year. It was about 800,000, he wanted to go to a million, and he wanted to crack that number. So I documented the day, I talked about what happened, I took a couple of pictures, and I gave some insights about what plan he was undertaking, what he was doing. So when I'm reporting that in real time, it gives the content some potency and aliveness. ## The Importance of Context in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp explains that content needs a superstructure and scaffolding, emphasizing the crucial role of context. He argues that content without context is just noise and advises inserting mechanisms, identity, and world into content to create meaning. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Before you make content, you need a superstructure. You need some scaffolding. And what is absent in most content is context. So content that doesn't create context is just noise. And God forgive me, most of you are just creating a lot of noise because you're not creating context. And you just need these small elements in your content to create that context. So when we are creating content, we must insert context to move people towards our ideas. And we do this by putting in our mechanisms, the identity that we are helping people unfold, and the world that we live in, into our content. So when we link our unique mechanisms with a problem someone is currently facing, it gives them context. This is the problem that Bob was facing. This is the mechanism he used to solve that. There is a mechanism to solve that problem, and it's possessed by Ryan, or Michael, or Jared. We link our aspirational identity to a demonstration of our philosophy, and during that we create context. When people are looking at content or marketing, they tend to look forward. They don't say, "What offer am I making?" They say, "What ad do I need to run?" They don't say, "What's the context and content inside my offer?" They say, "What content do I need to create?" We need to work backwards towards the market. So we define the mechanisms we make offers with, and we create content around those mechanisms. ## Content, Mechanisms, and Context: A Real-World Example **Summary:** James Kemp provides a real-world example of how he uses mechanisms to create context in his content. He discusses specific mechanisms used within his programs and how he consistently incorporates them into his content across various platforms. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Here's a living, breathing example. Inside the syndicate, the circle, and the membership, we do three pretty simple things: we create a hybrid offer that people can buy off a Google Doc, we run workshops that we sell tickets to, and we turn those customers into clients, and we generate leads with the daily client machine. So inside our world, we do and build those things. Inside our workshops, we give more context to those things. How do you create a hybrid offer? So we show, we have a look behind the curtain. In the content that I create, I will be speaking about the mechanisms over and over again. I will be talking about the hybrid offer over and over again, and inserting it into one of my content types

. So inside our world, we do and build those things. Inside our workshops, we give more context to those things. How do you create a hybrid offer? So we show, we have a look behind the curtain. In the content that I create, I will be speaking about the mechanisms over and over again. I will be talking about the hybrid offer over and over again, and inserting it into one of my content types. I'll be talking about customers to clients, creating customers, turning them into clients, multiple times, because it's a mechanism that is effective and we use it. And I'll be talking about the daily client machine multiple times. So by just inserting those mechanisms into my content, I'm creating context within the content that I create. So if I go to Facebook right now, and I search the word "hybrid," and I look for posts from me, and I search the word "hybrid," you will see how consistently I have created context around that word, the hybrid offer. I've created it so much that everyone in the world has stolen the idea from me. I partly jest, but the nature of inserting the mechanism over and over again means that I'm generating context about that mechanism all the time. My consistency is not only in the creation of the content, but it's also on the insertion of the mechanism. ## Mechanisms, Identity, and Market Differentiation **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the importance of unique mechanisms and a clear identity as key differentiators in a commoditized market. He explains that mechanisms are the unique ways problems are solved and should be consistently highlighted in content. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And, I've been shouting from the rooftops recently about competition and comparison, and what's left for people to compete on. The only thing left for you to compete on is your unique mechanisms and the ideas that you bring to the market. Everything else is commoditized. Every single other thing can be copied and replicated. But your mechanisms and your orientation towards those mechanisms, the mechanism being the way that you get results, is the thing that you can consistently do that. So we can do this after, in the workshop portion. But if we create context around our mechanisms and we insert those repeatedly, and then we have an aspirational identity – you don't even need to be that good at content and that good at communication, you just need to be consistent with the messaging – mechanisms come down to the unique way you solve problems and a clarity over who those problems are solved for, or the desires they have. ## Content Creation Superstructure and Resources **Summary:** James Kemp reiterates the importance of context in content and directs his audience to additional resources on mechanisms, identity, and authority within his membership and syndicate programs. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** So after we've thought about what context we want to deliver, what mechanisms we have that we want to insert into the content, by the way, if you're in the membership of the syndicate, more on mechanisms and identity and creation and authority in the classroom. So I've linked directly to that. So once we've inserted the context piece, we need to have the actual content., what do we say and what do we write about? ## The Power Laws of Content and Four Content Buckets **Summary:** James Kemp introduces the power laws of content, stating that a small percentage of content drives the majority of results. He then outlines four content buckets – philosophy, proof, problem, and plan – as tools for effective content creation. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** The power laws in content are the power laws in anything else. 95% of the results from social and from content are driven by less than 5% of your content

. So I will create content that attempts to tell that story. So philosophy is you. What do you believe, and what is your worldview? To a lesser or greater extent, all of my clients share some or all of my worldview about my ideas about sovereignty and freedom and these pieces. So I share those on a regular basis because being my people is an important part of being in my world. It's very useful to believe those things. If people want to build a gigantic business with a glass building with a name on it, then I'm probably not the right guy to talk to. And so I need to be clear in my content that this is what I believe, and this is what I stand for, and this is also what I don't believe in as well. ## Proof Content: Demonstrating How Results are Achieved **Summary:** James Kemp defines proof content as going beyond testimonials by providing insights into how clients achieved results. He stresses the importance of highlighting the mechanisms used to achieve success, making the process replicable for potential clients. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** The second type is proof, and proof is different to, say, a case study or a testimonial. It's different to a testimonial, but it's definitely my take on a case study. Proof is proving you can help someone by demonstrating how you help someone. And solid proof goes beyond testimonials. It delivers insight on how someone you worked with got a result, and mechanisms are very, very useful when you're talking about proof. So this post here, talking about how Tom made 19k in sales helping people finish their music. He joined the syndicate, so I'm inserting the product name, the thing he participated in. And then I'm talking about the mechanisms that are used to generate that 19k. Again, an example many years ago from Matt, the eight steps that he took to transform his business with a case study. I'm not saying just what the results were. I am telling people the mechanisms these people used to get the results. And that's the distinction between a typical case study. Most case studies aim to boost the credibility of the person narrating the story. I'm seeking to generate an insight to show that there's things that are accessible for people to get a result, that if you use a hybrid offer, if you use customers to clients, if you use the daily client machine, etc., that you can get a result behind them. So there's that. I dig deeper into more of those examples, and the actual breakdown of those and the ultimate case study template, which is again in the classroom. But, at a very simple level, these are one step beyond a case study. They're not saying just what happened, they're demonstrating how it happened as well. ## Problem Content: Sharing Insights and Solutions **Summary:** James Kemp defines problem content as sharing insights gathered from experience, offering solutions to common problems. He advocates for providing complete solutions within the content, demonstrating expertise and building trust. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Problem. So this is, share an insight that you gather from delivering. The more common the problem, and the more unique your approach to solving it, the more traction these posts get. This is where a belief in giving everybody everything they need in your content is useful. I don't hold back when I tell stories that I create. I don't say,

## Components

### ```txt ## Crafting a Compelling Offer **Summary

** This chunk discusses the importance of a strong offer, working backward from the desired outcome, and the core components of an offer-driven model. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Welcome! Today, we'll focus on constructing your daily client machine—how to generate leads hourly, customers daily, and clients weekly. It's critical to attack things in the right order: offer, then sales, then marketing. The best way to hit a goal is to work backward from it. Create and validate an offer, make three sales with a Google Doc, create a customer offer that converts 5% of buyers into clients, and then automate lead flow, customer offers, and ascend customers into clients weekly. This system creates leads and customers, engages with customers to understand their intent, and captures those who don't display immediate intent for future conversion. The two key components are your big idea and your customer offer. The process is: lead magnet (capture and opt-in), customer offer ($100 digital product), and client offer. The big idea is a product of your client and customer offers, a frame that catches attention, creates curiosity, and establishes authority. ## Big Ideas and Customer Offers **Summary:** This chunk explores different frames for creating a big idea, including swiping, next steps, automation, and identity. It also discusses the customer offer and its role in converting leads. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Many big ideas become so successful they become the brand. Consider these frames: swiping (copy my success), next steps (your first client), automation (automatic clients), and identity (the sovereign consultant). Big ideas often have utility across multiple products (books, courses, consulting). My big idea, "selling from a Google Doc," led to a daily client machine that generates 5-10 leads daily and 1-2 product sales, doubling with simple ads. Put your big idea everywhere—social media profiles, ads. The customer offer turns leads into customers. Ideal components include training, templates, a live workshop, and a call. ## Offer Creation and Validation **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer creation, validation through market feedback, and the key principles of promise, process, and plan. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The path to a million-dollar business is simple, not easy: promise, process, mechanisms, plan, validation, sales, scale, automation. The hybrid offer is key, a single offer with multiple products. Four reasons people buy help: make money, save money, stay legal, live a better life. Focus on one core reason; everything else is a benefit. Understand the problem/desire you're solving. Validation is getting your offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. Use the community for feedback based on real data. ## Hybrid Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk explains the hybrid offer, its advantages over traditional consulting, and provides specific pricing recommendations for community offers, consulting offers, and customer offers. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer, containing multiple products. It includes a 12-month ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Pricing examples: Community offers ($100-200/week, $3,000 annual), consulting offers ($300-600/week), customer offers ($100). This pricing maximizes conversions and economics, making it easy to get started and upgrade. ## Offer Construction Principles **Summary:** This chunk details the three core principles of offer construction: promise, process, and plan. It stresses the importance of clarity, future pacing, and avoiding information overload. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** Three principles: promise (what gets done), process (how it works), plan (how it rolls out)

## How to Apply

is not speed. I constantly go back and reevaluate my offer based on feedback.

