---
title: Hybrid Offer Framework - Complete Guide
type: frameworks
source_files: 1d5153d5ffa7b721  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: hybrid offer, framework, system, method
token_count: 13862
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.797301
---

# Hybrid Offer Framework - Complete Guide

# Hybrid Offer Framework

## Overview

** This chunk acknowledges the multidimensional nature of individuals but emphasizes the importance of sticking to the core message when communicating with clients to ensure clarity and effectiveness.

## Complete Framework

Constructing Your Daily Client Machine
How To Generate Leads Hourly, Customers Daily and Clients Weekly
The Sequence - The Order of Events Matters
To hit $1m, it is critical we attack it in the right order.
The common approach is to work 'forwards' from marketing to sales to offer.
This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage.
The best way to hit a goal is not to work towards it, it's to work backwards from it.
Working forwards is chaotic because there are so many potential variables.
Working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage.
Over a long enough time period, both approaches get you to the goal, but working backwards gets you there faster and with more certainty.
Broken down we work in this order:
1. Create and validate $3k Offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc 2. Create and sell Customer Offer that converts 5% of buyers into Clients 3. Automate lead flow and Customer Offer and ascend Customers into Clients weekly
We go from making $3k to $3k a week to $3k a day.
We use 3 systems to do this:
1. The Hybrid Offer™ 2. Customers to Clients™ 3. The Daily Client Machine™
Each of these systems solve for a specific stage.
Mastering one before moving to the next one is the pace.
Skipping steps is not speed, it's skipping steps.
Mastery in this sequence compounds.

The Hybrid Offer™
Warning: This offer is not complex but there are multiple variables that require your discernment when executing. Use the parts that apply to you now, revisit as you make progress. Guidance at the end.
Introduction
The problem with traditional offers...
Sell into front end then need to re-sell into back end ● Multi step sales process needed to sell into long commitments ● PIF presented first and raises bar to conversions ● Leaves money on the table for those who want 'more'
How Hybrid overcomes these...
Get's an easy 'yes' then adds economics meaning higher conversions ● Sell once, serve for duration ● Get's more PIF (if desired) ● Higher LTV
There's 3 ways to increase revenue - get more clients, get clients to pay more, get clients to stay for longer - The Hybrid Offer does all 3.
The System We Use - The Sovereign System
The Phases
To generate a client we can break it into phases: Lead = Someone we've earned the right to communicate with Customer = Someone who has transacted with us Client = Someone we commit time/resources to
To obtain a client efficiently we must demonstrate competence at each stage. People can skip any of these steps. Eg a lead can quickly become a client, but this is the exception rather than the rule.
For a client to ascend and identify themselves we must understand intent and desire.
The fastest way to understand intent and desire is to initiate a transaction.
IE Get someone to give you money.
For someone to give you money you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something they desire.

Zoomed out, this is what The Sovereign System looks like:
[The document shows a diagram of "The Sovereign System™" with various components including Services, Event, Consulting, 1:1 Coaching, Community sections, and shows "Offers" leading to different products and services, with Strategy, Daily Client Machine™, Hybrid Client™, and Customers to Clients™ at the bottom]
It is offer driven.
This is the model I use myself.
I aim to do as little 'selling' and 'marketing' as possible.
Working backwards, I want to create highly valuable long term relationships, to find those I create clients and help them generate value, to find clients I generate customers to understand their intent, to find customers and demonstrate my ideas to earn attention and trust.
Approaching EVERYTHING as an offer whether it's free or paid helps construct the most efficient ecosystem possible.
Clients are not created equal.
Power Laws apply.
[The document shows "The Power Ladder™" diagram with pyramids showing progression from 70% at base to 1% at top, with different offer types and price points ($100-$100k+) at each level]
There are people in your audience, leads, customer and client's bases that will happily pay you 50x what others will.
You just need the right offer to enable them to do so.
The Hybrid Offer
Traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for specific durations.
While it is 'simple', it is closer to easy than simple.
This is why the majority use it, it's easier to leave money on the table than work out how to take it off in a simple manner.
The Hybrid addresses this by selling across the range of prices and times with a single offer.
Simplicity is having ONE OFFER.

There is a useful distinction between offers and products that is rarely made.
Hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it.
We must accept two realities:
1. Lower priced products sell at higher volumes than higher priced products. 2. Short term programs sell at higher volumes than long term programs
With these realities, we are searching for the holy grail of an offer that has a low price point, a perceived short term commitment and high price points with long term duration.
By maximising the timeline duration AND the available price points we maximise Lifetime Value (LTV) while allowing the largest number of people to join.
Here's the continuation of the text conversion from the additional images:
Stacking Your Client Offers
The Stack
Before we can create great products we must be clear on what we do for others and how.
Modalities and Strategy Matching
Fixation on the identity of these labels distorts my value creation.
Seeing them as simple modalities allows creativity to match the principles.
The principles can be present in all these modalities.
Coaching - Helping people discover the answer inside them.
Consulting - Giving someone the answer.
Mentorship - Showing someone how I would do it
Creator - Conjuring of original ideas
Curator - Assembly of the best ideas
What I put into practice:
I create for my community, I coach on the weekly calls, I consult on Slack and I mentor on Zoom. I curate and demonstrate these actions to pull more people towards me who might benefit from these actions.
You can sell each modality individually or bundle them up together into products.

Template: The Offer Install™
5 4 spots available
This is only a good fit if you know what you need is a high converting offer for your audience - not more courses to watch or generic advice.
I only run my own offers to my own audience and sell them daily.
The good news for you is I will create an offer with you for your audience that I’ve previously only used to line my own pockets.
We partner by combining your delivery and audience and my offer creation skills and toolkit.
This is me, you & some Google docs and some Zoom time.
Our goal is at least $10k in new revenue.
Michael launched a new offer and made $37k in 25 days.
Zac scaled to $31k a month recurring.
Louis built up to 51 active clients.
Results are not typical but there is no cap with the right offer for your audience.
You understand over 12 weeks we install and cashflow ONE Client Offer generating at least $10k in sales.
The world is yours when you solve a specific problem for a specific person that NOBODY else can solve the way you do. You’ll be able to set your own prices, set your own terms and sell with far fewer words, less convincing and drastically shorten your sales cycle.
Together we’ll not only produce this offer, we’ll also get it “cash flowing” using my toolkit.
In Phase One we get clear on your ideal market and co-create a Client Offer that gets them a result with the minimum of you. A Client Offer is simply a $3k-$25k offer you deliver to a client that doesn’t require you swapping your time for money and can be delivered online from anywhere.
We use the Hybrid Offer™ to create simple sales while maximising lifetime value.

The 3k Code™ - Why People Buy
Assembling, Crafting and Delivering A High Converting Hybrid Offer inside The Sovereign System
The 3k Code is a prescription.
Assembled, it’s a formula.
While I give some variables and teach you how to think along the journey, results will flow from following the prescription.
My job is to give you the prescription.
This formula is designed to be tight and minimal.
It fails if you try and look for complexity or ‘more’.
Your job is to assemble, test, learn and iterate.
All results happen in the marketplace, not in the consumption of ideas.
Most people get in their own way to prevent getting in the game.
I can give you the formula but you must mix the potion and apply it.
The System We Use - The Sovereign System™
The Phases - Essential Stages of Evolution
To generate a client we can break it into phases:
Lead = Someone we’ve earned the right to communicate with Customer = Someone who has transacted with us Client = Someone we commit time/resources to

To obtain a client efficiently we must demonstrate competence at each stage. People can skip any of these steps. Eg a lead can quickly become a client, but this is the exception rather than the rule.
For a client to ascend and identify themselves we must understand intent and desire.
The fastest way to understand intent and desire is to initiate a transaction.
IE Get someone to give you money.
For someone to give you money you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something they desire.
The Model - Simplicity Scales
For Clients - We have one community offer and one upgrade option.
For Customers - We have one time products to generate customers and cashflow
It is offer driven.
We get Leads and turn them into Customers. We turn those Customers into Clients

The better your Hybrid Offer the more Clients you convert. The better your Customers to Clients system the more Customers AND Clients you generate. The better your Daily Client Machine the more Leads turn into Customers who turn into Clients. Compounding in action.
The DCM™
This system creates Leads and Customers.
You then engage with a customer to understand the intent and desire behind their action.
It creates a short term focus that is most likely to generate results over the shortest time period.
Efficiency.
It also captures those who do not display immediate intent so you can convert them into prospects via qualification/conversation or convert them into customers in the future.
The Daily Client Machine™
[There appears to be a diagram showing three connected boxes: "The Offer Code Template" -> "The Offer Code Product" -> "The Syndicate", with labels underneath: "Create A Lead" -> "Create A Customer" -> "Create A Client"]
Lead Flow vs Lead Conversion
A critical distinction in lead generation is flow vs conversion.
When people say they 'need more leads' my first goal is to determine whether they need more lead flow vs need more lead conversion.
Flow is the volume and conversion is the action.
The majority of people have a lead conversion bottleneck rather than a lead flow bottleneck.
You have enough leads, just no efficient way to convert them into customers and/or clients.
The most efficient way is to make an offer(s).. This allows the leads to self-select and demonstrate intent and narrows your focus to those who've demonstrated intent.
If you're not making enough sales yet have even a tiny audience that you're communicating with, focusing on lead conversion before lead flow will yield the highest results.
The Individual Components:

There are only two key components inside The Daily Client Machine, your Big Idea and your Customer Offer.
Armed with both you will get all the leads and customers you can handle.
The Big Idea
Illumination - Pain, Problem and Opportunity Unaware Offer: Lead Magnet Goal: Opt In
Customer Offer
Indoctrination - Pain and Problem Aware Offer: $50-$100 Digital Product Goal: Consumption and Implementation
The easiest way is to illustrate with an

Purchases information
Consumes it
Takes the next step presented in the chain
Free information has a distribution advantage. Paid information has an attention advantage. Using both is a force multiplier.
The DCM 2.0™
We take the same idea and create two funnels. Each funnel leads to an offer.
The Client Funnel uses an insight path.
The Customer Funnel uses an info path.
Demo: The Client Funnel
This funnel works with both organic content and with paid traffic.
1. Pre-Selling Content
Content types:
Unique Mechanism: Hybrid Offer, Daily Client Machine

Identity: The Sovereign Consultant
World Building: Philosophy, day in life, behind the scenes
2. Big Idea Video
Demo: The Exact Steps To Building A $1M a Year Solo Consultancy With 65 Clients Or Less In Two Days A Week
(Plus behind the scenes of a $223k month and the exact offer used)

"You can install your own Sovereign Blueprint. Inside The Syndicate, I personally help you build to $1m a year solo using this system."
Key tips:
Use the style that’s native to you
The headline drives 50%+ of conversion
Test for consumption
Low friction to qualify, then raise friction as prospect quality is discovered
Use the messaging platform native to you
3. Insight Case Study
Bonus Case Study: How JK Molina Shrunk His Team And Tripled His Profit With The Sovereign System
Insight is demonstration. Show transformation by showing how transformation was made.
4. Offer
The Sovereign Install (Private)
This is only a good fit if you want to work 2 days a week
The Sovereign Install shows how to generate predictable $100k+ months
You get private coaching and implementation support

It's a marketing program—not a sales script

Includes: frameworks, templates, swipe files, and client-ready tools
Details:
Enrollment: $7K–$10K or $500/mo if you're a match
Qualification is required before the offer is made

5. Downsell
The Replication Membership™
Goal: Build a $100k/mo growth playbook (Sovereign-style) with 65 clients or less and implement over the next 12 weeks

Includes weekly prompts, offer design tools, and tactical coaching
Lower commitment, still built on Sovereign Systems
The Customer Funnel
Ads:
Long-form

“Does What It Says On The Tin” style
Shorts
Audiences:
Global

Interests: Global, Warm
Landing Page Viewers, Video Viewers, Followers
“It’s now a creative game rather than an audience game.”
Low Ticket Offer
Book Funnel:
New Book Reveals The Truth Behind Creating A 7-Figure-A-Year Consultancy Working 2 Days A Week. Beach Location Optional.

[Diagram showing a stack of services:
Deep Dives ● Consulting Hours ● Zoom Mentorship ● Slack Coaching ● The Syndicate ● Clients]
Price Engineering
Pricing is an extensive topic that can be boiled down to a simple principle:
The lower the dollar figure we ask for today, the higher the volume achieved.
If you optimise pricing, you stand to both make multiples of your current revenue and have a higher caliber client and results.
There is no one size fits all with pricing.
Use my Office Hours to get specific help from me on your pricing.
In general; for coaching and consulting the smallest unit of time and money is the week.
Weekly pricing allows us to offer the lowest possible Now Number to a prospect.
It's easier to say yes to $300 now than $1200 now.
The Two Now Numbers to optimise for:
1. How much they pay today. 2. How much they save today.
Traditional example:
Coaching program: $1500 per month/$18k per year $17k for the year
Hybrid Program: $400 per week $17k for the year (save $3000)
When I have run these structures side by side with clients and partners, The Hybrid Offer outperforms the traditional structure by 2-3x in both conversions and cash collected.
And...having weekly recurring revenue is cashflow on steroids compared to the relative lumpiness of monthly billing.
Stacking Economics
Stacking a community with coaching, consulting and services on top just makes sense.

I use a combination of ongoing consulting, mentorship, one time consulting hours and in-person events.
1 in 3 community members buy some or all of these on joining or within the first 6
[Diagram showing pricing structure:
$2500 - $7500 one off ● $2000 - $20,000 one off ● $1200 pw ● $600 pw ● $300 pw ● Clients]
Offer Creation Using The 3 P's
These are 3 principles to get you started:
1/ Promise and Plan
The offer lives and dies on the first page. Actually, the first 3 paragraphs. Get these right and the offer sells itself.
Clearly articulating the Promise of what gets done and the Plan of how it rolls out allows the prospect to 'see' the future if they commit to buying.
This is distinct from the logistics of how and when the offer is delivered.
No one cares how many calls there are or how much coaching they get until they are committed to the result that the Promise and Plan describe.
Match this to the 'right' price and you are 80% there is having a high converting offer.
Promise
What gets done? ● What can you point at? ● Can you describe what they will see show up in their lives if they commit? ● Can you articulate in words their deepest desires better than they can? ● Bonus: What aren't they going to do and what negatives downsides are you helping the avoid?
Plan
What happens first? ● What happens next? ● What happens after that?

Have you painted a clear picture of how the next few days and weeks look like and what
they will see show up? (future pacing)
Clear beat's cute. Name and brand your systems but don't overdo it.
Price
● Have you made it easy to get started? ● Does your price factor in the cost of inaction?
Is there a clear ROI?
No one wants to watch 54 videos and attend 10 hours of calls a week.
Telling people whats IN it is more likely to kill demand than enhance it.
Examples:
The Syndicate Example
Offer conversion rate of 32% ● Average client value 121% above entry price ● Chosen to make no guarantees or promises
October 2023: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lbn2n_YYd8lPgYqvHqPoB-4p2UPkTk2ly8Q5t984c/edit?u sp=sharing
Stacking LTV
Offering upgrade options is the way to maximise revenue.
Offering TOO MANY upgrade options when presenting the offer will harm conversions.
To allow us to maximise revenue we must discern when to present them.
The checkout page is the first touch point after the offer doc.
You can add additional options that will get direct purchases, create enquiry and flag to the client that they can add additional services and access to you now or in the future.
PAYMENT
[Payment table showing:
Syndicate - $300 Weekly ($300 per week) - Quantity: 1 - Price: $300.00 ● Syndicate plus Private Slack Coaching $800 Weekly (Save $500) ($800 per week) - Quantity: 1 - Price: $800.00

The folks in The Syndicate are seeing that the model is pretty much everything.
Drop the skill into the right model and it unlocks the value.
The value is already there in your biz, it's just trapped in a sub-standard model that you've doggedly stuck to despite being stuck at the same revenue level for months.
Because a guru preached focus and shamed you away from changing it up despite it not working.
I'm not going to spend anytime 'selling you' on my model.
If you want to build a big empire with a big team you buy donuts for on Mondays then I'm definitely not your guy.
But I am willing to show you.
And short of becoming a client and joining The Syndicate (which is becoming a scarcer opportunity as I approach our 100 person limit ) what I've got for the next few days is as close as you're going to get.
Since Black Friday is coming up I'm going to use it basically give you 5 of my best trainings.
These strategies literally built this business and the folks inside my world are using them to do the same.
For the next few days or until it's sold out you can get:
The Offer Code, Hybrid Client, Customers To Clients, The Daily Client Machine and The Social Code
For $200.
These trainings will walk you through creating a high converting offer you can sell without calls, generating customers and cashflow you can turn into clients and having a flow of leads coming to you daily.
I know you've heard this all before but this is likely the first time you've been allowed to

“The Sovereign Consultant” book offer
Landing page with email opt-in and credit card checkout
Would you like this formatted as a downloadable PDF or Google Doc too?
You said:
Add these to it as well
Customer Funnel Continued
Low Ticket Offer (cont’d):
Get Clients in 24 Hours Without Getting on the Phone 234 coaches and consultants are using this method to sell $2,000–$25,000 offers without sales calls.
What you will learn:
✅ Step-by-step training on the 5 factors an offer must have to convert
✅ Behind-the-scenes breakdown of a Hybrid Offer that generated $290,000 in 60 days
✅ The exact template that sold a $15,000/year mastermind without a single call
✅ The "laws of pricing" and how breaking them will lower offer deal friction
✅ Bonus: Fill-in-the-blanks template to create your offer in minutes
Entry Price: $9 Guarantee: 100% Lifetime Guarantee – full refund within 3 days if not satisfied.

Bump Offer:
“Cash Campaign” Template Bundle
26 pages of proven copy/paste campaign scripts
Walkthrough video
Lifetime access
Complimentary with first purchase
Aim for 50% conversion
Upsell #1:
"The 3K Code + Social Code Workshop Bundle"
Inside, you’ll do what most consultants don’t do – work backwards to create your social game plan.
Bundle Value: $99 Outcome: If you implement both, you'll likely make $2,800 profit in the first month.
Purely designed to increase AOV
Keep it tight; don’t include too much
Aim for 20% conversion
Membership Offer:
“I Generate $250K+/mo Solo” — Special Invitation
Access to internal client-getting and fulfillment strategies: Ads, Templates, Pages, Scripts, Automations & more. Tailored for experts who want to run a lean, profitable online business.

Aim for 5–8% conversion
Sell via email using deadlines
Upsell #2 (again):
The Sovereign System™ Install
Includes:
Weekly private Zoom sessions
Frameworks for crafting hybrid offers
Swipe files
Community support

Implementation sprints
Bonus Office Hours
Downsell Offer:
The Hybrid Offer Workshop — $9 Trial
Full access to the training library and community 5 days for $9, cancel anytime
Results
“The immediate result of running a 2.0 funnel is you get leads, customers, and clients daily.”
Benefits:
Higher velocity of client acquisition

4. Automate lead flow and Customer sales and stack recurring revenue that compounds
into $3k per day
We go from making $3k to $3k a week to $3k a day.
We use 3 systems to do this:
1. The Hybrid Offer™ to generate $3k 2. Customers to Clients™ to generate $3k a week and per day 3. The Daily Client Machine™to generate $3k per day recurring
Each of these systems solve for a specific stage.
Mastering one before moving to the next one is the pace.
The Sovereign Brand
Size does not matter.
There is no audience too small to get traction quickly.
Actually, the smaller the better in the beginning.
The myth of needing big followings and a huge track record are just that. Myths. Sold by people
who have big followings and gate keep via experience.
You need to have solved one problem once for yourself or someone else and know how to solve
it again.
Nothing more.
A brand is the thing people say about you when you're not there.
You live rent free in someone's head and they associate you with ideas and imagery.
The end point of a brand is to promote action.
When your brand consistently sells someone on ideas and imagery it is very easy to get them to
take action.
It's the natural next step.
The ideal brand does all the selling needed.
Then when an offer is made it's the natural next step.
Creating a brand like this is not easy but it is simple.
There's 3 components:

Broken down we work in this order:
1. Create and validate $3k Offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc 2. Create and sell Customer Offer that converts 5% of buyers into Clients 3. Automate lead flow and Customer Offer and ascend Customers into Clients weekly
We go from making $3k to $3k a week to $3k a day.
We use 3 systems to do this:
1. The Hybrid Offer™ 2. Customers to Clients™ 3. The Daily Client Machine™
Each of these systems solve for a specific stage.
Mastering one before moving to the next one is the pace.
Skipping steps is not speed, it’s skipping steps.
Mastery in this sequence compounds.
The better your Hybrid Offer the more Clients you convert. The better your Customers to Clients system the more Customers AND Clients you generate. The better your Daily Client Machine the more Leads turn into Customers who turn into Clients. Compounding in action.
The Hybrid Offer™
Traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for specific durations.
While it is ‘simple’, it is closer to easy than simple.
This is why the majority use it, it’s easier to leave money on the table than work out how to take it off in a simple manner.

The World you build, The Identity you craft and the Mechanisms you use.
Inside the World you build there are characters, settings, language and story lines. When a
world is in motion people can't help but pay attention.
The Identity is the one you represent yourself and the characteristics of who someone becomes
when they are inside your world. The transition and transformation of the human into their
ideals.
The Mechanisms are the way to get there. The map and the terrain of what must done for the
World to come to life and for The Identity to be manifested.
A brand can be successful with just one of these components, the best ones have all 3.
In order of fastest to slowest in terms of ROI:
1) Define and Sell Your Mechanism

The way you get results.
The only defining characteristic of your mechanism is that it needs to be unique.
It matters much more that it’s yours than what it does.
The underlying mechanism must work.
The underlying mechanism does not need to be yours.
But it must be positioned as unique and sprinkled with unique twists:
The Daily Client Machine = Lead magnet with a self liquidating offer Customers to Clients = low ticket workshops with an offer The Hybrid Offer = selling via doc
I invented none of these things. I just innovated on them and own the mechanism around them.
You don’t need many. One will do.
2) Craft An Aspirational Identity
Identity manifests from a core question:
Who does someone become when they commit to your world?
What ideal characteristics do they attain on an individual and societal level.
If we see our identity is a transaction with society then we can use currencies to define it.

The Hybrid addresses this by selling across the range of prices and times with a single offer.
Simplicity is having ONE OFFER.
There is a useful distinction between offers and products that is rarely made.
Hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it.
We sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration.
Why People Buy
There are Four Core Reasons people buy help:
Make more money ● Save money ● Stay legal ● Live a better life
You only solve for one Core.
All other benefits are exactly that, benefits.
The difference between two companies:
Help business owners build business systems to free up time so they can make
more money (better life)
Help business owners build business systems to make more money so they can
have more time (more money)
Both businesses ‘do’ the same thing.
Yet both companies will attract a very different type of customer.
If you offer both as your core benefit both you and your client will be confused.
Personally I solve for making money.

performance. He recommended testing with a budget of $2,000 over three weeks to evaluate ad effectiveness.
Marketing Creativity and Customer Transformation
James discussed the challenges of maintaining creativity in marketing, noting that the rapid spread of ideas leads to market fatigue. He emphasized the importance of differentiation and originality in advertising, suggesting that taking concepts from adjacent markets or combining different ideas can be effective. James also touched on the nature of customer buying behavior, distinguishing between those seeking transformation and those looking for information. He concluded that identity and transformational experiences often have more long-term value than specific outcomes or skills.
Workshop Recording Product Strategy
Tom and James discussed the approach to creating a workshop recording product called "Map Your Customer Journey" through the DCM. James advised that info products are better suited for markets where the problem is already known, while insight-based products are more effective for educating customers about problems and solutions. They explored the differences between info and insight funnels, noting that combining both approaches can cater to different buying styles and enhance growth and scalability.
Adapting Marketing Strategies for Success
James and Shevaune discussed the challenges of marketing and selling products in a rapidly changing market. They explored how targeting specific audiences in paid ads can be less effective than reaching existing followers organically. Shevaune shared her experience with unbundling products to address customer needs more effectively. James emphasized the importance of a sustainable marketing strategy that doesn't require constant funnel rebuilding. They agreed that understanding customer needs and adapting to market changes are key to long-term success.
Hybrid Membership Model Strategies
James and Shevaune discussed strategies for client engagement and revenue generation, focusing on blending membership models with coaching to meet clients' varying needs. James shared insights from a mastermind session, highlighting how a voice coach combined annual memberships with on-demand coaching to increase revenue and client retention. Shevaune described her own transition to offering a hybrid model, providing daily voice notes, modules, and occasional calls, noting that only a small percentage of clients actively engage in calls. They emphasized the importance of understanding client preferences and offering flexible access to services, with James encouraging attendees to experiment and build on these ideas.

A Community product and a Consulting product.
These stack in the sense that a Consulting client gets the Community product included.
Constructing Your Products
Construction of a product is simply:
What’s in it and how long is it
What’s In It
Delivery has 3 components:
Content, Community and Customisation.
Under the Hybrid Model we provide everything someone needs to get the promised result.
The simplest model looks like this:

Those who wish to go faster, or have a higher level of access, opt for Tier 2 while getting everything in Tier 1.
You include only what is required for them to get them the Core result.
Permitted changes to delivery:
Tier 2 can include Done For You components, your existing coaching program or packages of hours.
The key is to have a product that allows for higher client value over and above the Community level.
How long is it
Your community offer is 12 months.
We get into the nuance of how to sell this next but laying out a plan allows us to maximise lifetime value on a pathway that makes sense to the prospect.
Offer Creation Using The 3 P’s
These are 3 principles to get you started with offer construction:
1/ Promise and Plan Drive The Offer
The offer lives and dies on the first page. Actually, the first 3 paragraphs. Get these right and the offer sells itself.
Clearly articulating the Promise of what gets done and the Plan of how it rolls out allows the prospect to 'see' the future if they commit to buying.
This is distinct from the logistics of how and when the offer is delivered.
No one cares how many calls there or how much coaching they get until they are committed to the result that the Promise and Plan describe.
Match this to the ‘right’ price and you are 80% there in having a high converting offer.
Promise
What gets done?

What can you point at? ● Can you describe what they will see show up in their lives if they commit? ● Can you articulate in words their deepest desires better than they can? ● Bonus: What arent they going to do and what negatives downsides are you helping the avoid?
Plan
What happens first? ● What happens next? ● What happens after that? ● Have you painted a clear picture of how the next few days and weeks look like and what they will see show up? (future pacing)
Clear beat’s cute. Name and brand your systems but don’t overdo it.
Price
● Have you made it easy to get started? ● Does your price factor in the cost of inaction?
Is there a clear ROI?
No one wants to watch 54 videos and attend 10 hours of calls a week.
More offers fail because they are indigestible than lean.
Telling people whats IN it is more likely to kill demand than enhance it.
Examples:
Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc.
We use a Google Doc as it is fast to create, share and modify.
It is most useful to demonstrate via examples:

Syndicate Member Example:
The Syndicate Example
Offer conversion rate of 32% ● Average client value 121% above entry price ● Chosen to make no guarantees or promises
December 2023: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L0n2n_YYd8fPgYyqvHqPo6B-4p2UPkTk2Iy8Q5t 984c/edit?usp=sharing
Your 3k Hybrid Offer Template
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uDWMbdc8Lb1sqFDGcc-6Lq5b-mSKY3kLWeNFEy_L5X Y/edit?usp=sharing (make a copy)

Sell 30 Customer Offers at $100 per week and generate $12,900 per month.
$83,850 every month.
Only 4% of your Customers need to convert to Clients to hit your numbers.
We choose pricing that maximises conversions and economics.
I have 5 years of data behind this and I’m giving you the shortcut:
Community offers at $100-$200 per week and a $3k PIF work the widest range of markets.
Consulting offers at $300-$600 sell to the right people in the right ratios.
$100 Customer Offers convert 5-15% of buyers into Clients
The Hybrid Offer™
Traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for specific durations.
While it is ‘simple’, it is closer to easy than simple.
This is why the majority use it, it’s easier to leave money on the table than work out how to take it off in a simple manner.
The Hybrid addresses this by selling across the range of prices and times with a single offer.
Simplicity is having ONE OFFER.
There is a useful distinction between offers and products that is rarely made.
Hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it.
We sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration.
Those who wish to go faster, or have a higher level of access, opt for Consulting or Mentorship while getting everything in Tier 1.
You include only what is required for them to get them the Core result.

That shot is straight out of The Offer Code.
The 5 things your offer needs that give it the highest chance of success.
If a newbie uses them they sell out of the gate.
If an established business uses them they blow up their conversions immediately.
The fundamentals.
I expand on those fundamentals and show you how to maximise the economics in The Hybrid Offer.
Max conversions at max value.
Both of which are in the Black Friday Bundle:
Grab it here: https://go.jameskemp.co/bf-growth-bundle
I'm spending this afternoon eating steak and doing my weekly breathwork with my coach.
I'm sure another crazy valuable bonus will come to me I can give to folks who've already picked up the bundle.
To your success
James 'bundled' Kemp

The Menu
Growing your Community and Consulting via the Hybrid Offer is your focus for building long term value.
But having a Menu of one off or short term offers helps smooth cashflow and provide access to you during the growth phase.
For me, selling time and events are the simplest, highest value offers I can make.
Many who invest in these end up as long term clients as well.
I also have Off Menu one-to-one, partnerships and licensing that I will invite people into after they have become Clients or bought Menu items.
The Sovereign Sales (Secret)
An offer driven model is driven by….offers.
In the delivery to your Clients you are creating assets that can be used in offers.

This is an exercise in simplicity.
I hold two workshops a month for Clients.
I sell tickets to those workshops and create Customers.
I invite those Customers to become Clients. Offer driven.
I tell people I’m hosting a workshop on a valuable topic and they buy tickets:

Clients are consistently being delivered new and refined content, you build a growing library of training and templates for clients and new joiners to the community have plenty of content to solve for.

It’s the most efficient delivery
The Rhythm
Alternating between opening the community one week and selling tickets to a workshop the next can give you a very long runway before requiring structured lead generation.
If you setup a solid Sovereign Brand from the beginning, your audience will grow consistently in the course of this promotional rhythm.
The Steps

. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Understanding your core offering is crucial. Ask yourself: What problem are you solving? How does it show up in people's lives? Are they aware it exists? How are they currently trying to solve it? Connecting clients' pain to your solution is your job. Understanding their current solutions allows you to position your unique approach within a ready market. Confusion around your core offering will negatively impact your offer creation and marketing. ## Staying True to Your Core Message While Being Multidimensional **Summary:** This chunk acknowledges the multidimensional nature of individuals but emphasizes the importance of sticking to the core message when communicating with clients to ensure clarity and effectiveness. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** You are multidimensional, but your business messaging should remain focused on your core offering. While clients can see your other facets, sticking to the core makes your message cut through the noise. Secondary benefits can enhance your offering, but the core problem you solve should be the central focus of your communication. ## The Two-Tier Client Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk prescribes a two-tier client offer structure (community and consulting/coaching) with specific pricing and client numbers to achieve an $83,000 monthly run rate. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A two-tier client offer structure can generate a million-dollar run rate. Tier two consists of 15 clients paying $600 per week, while tier one includes 50 clients paying $150 per week. This structure, combined with a $100-$150 entry-level customer offer, can generate over $83,000 in monthly recurring revenue, requiring only 1.25 new client sign-ups per week. Only 4% of customer offer buyers need to convert to clients to hit these numbers. ## Pricing Strategy: Maximizing Conversions and Economics **Summary:** This chunk discusses the tension between maximizing conversions and economics in pricing, recommending specific price points for community and consulting offers to optimize both. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Pricing should maximize both conversions and economics, which are often at odds. A recommended strategy is a $100-$200 weekly community offer with a $3,000 annual option, and consulting offers between $300 and $600. This pricing structure works across various markets. The $3,000 annual option provides higher upfront value and commitment, capturing more value than shorter-term, lower-priced options. ## The Hybrid Offer: Combining Community and Consulting **Summary:** This chunk introduces the concept of a hybrid offer, combining multiple products (community and consulting) into a single offer with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A hybrid offer combines multiple products within a single offer. For example, a $100 weekly community and a $450 weekly consulting product can be combined into one hybrid offer. This offer includes clear promises, outcomes, and timelines, unlike individual products, which primarily serve as containers for your services. This model allows clients to choose their level of access and speed of results. ## Selling the Hybrid Offer and Ongoing Commitment **Summary:** This chunk explains how the hybrid offer facilitates client acquisition by offering an ongoing commitment and allowing clients to choose their desired level of access and speed of results. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells an ongoing commitment, not fixed durations. Clients can choose higher levels of access (consulting or mentorship) while receiving everything in the base community tier. The key is a product that offers higher client value beyond the community level. This allows clients to control their access and the speed of their results, with greater access generally leading to faster results. ## The Nuance of Selling the Hybrid Offer and Maximizing Value **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of a clear plan within the offer, outlining the promise, plan, pricing, and ROI to maximize value and resonate with prospects. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant

. The key is a product that offers higher client value beyond the community level. This allows clients to control their access and the speed of their results, with greater access generally leading to faster results. ## The Nuance of Selling the Hybrid Offer and Maximizing Value **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of a clear plan within the offer, outlining the promise, plan, pricing, and ROI to maximize value and resonate with prospects. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A compelling offer needs a clear promise, plan, and price. Can you articulate their desires and the outcomes of their commitment? Can you describe what they'll see? What negative downsides are you helping them avoid? What happens first, next, and after that? A clear picture of the next few days and weeks is crucial. Pricing should offer a clear ROI and be easy to get started with. ## Crafting Compelling Offers: Promise, Plan, and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk provides a framework for crafting compelling offers, emphasizing a clear promise, a detailed plan, and a justifiable price with a clear ROI, using a real-world example. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Effective offers have a clear promise, plan, and price. A strong promise outlines the specific outcome, installing a lead generation system that attracts five prospects and secures one high-value client monthly. The plan details the steps involved, developing a client roadmap and setting up a content system. This clarity allows for selling longer-term commitments (12 months) by focusing on initial, shorter-term commitments (6 weeks). ## Using Google Docs for Offer Creation and Iteration **Summary:** This chunk advocates for using Google Docs for offer creation due to its speed, ease of sharing, and modification, allowing for dynamic iteration based on market feedback. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Use Google Docs for offer creation. They're fast to create, share, and modify, allowing for dynamic iteration based on market feedback. The market writes the offer; iterate based on their feedback. This dynamic approach allows you to refine your offer until it resonates with your target audience and achieves the desired results. ## Clarity on Your Core Offering and Avoiding Messaging Confusion **Summary:** This chunk reiterates the importance of clarity on your core offering and avoiding muddled messaging, especially as your business grows and evolves. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Clarity about your core offering is paramount. It's easy to get sidetracked, but staying true to your core offering is essential for effective messaging and offer creation. Avoid muddying your message by trying to be everything to everyone. Focus on what you do best and let that clarity guide your decisions. ## Product Structure: Content, Community, and Customization **Summary:** This chunk outlines the three key components of product structure: content, community, and customization, and emphasizes the importance of a clear promise, plan, and price with a demonstrable ROI. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Products should include content (training videos), community (interaction platform), and customization (tailored access). Ensure your offer includes a promise, plan, and price with a clear ROI. If you can deliver on these elements, your offer is market-ready. Different levels of access within the product cater to varying client needs and budgets. ## Validating Your Offer and the Importance of Three Sales **Summary:** This chunk sets a validation milestone of three sales for new offers and explains how even a small network can provide valuable feedback for rapid iteration and improvement. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Aim for three sales to validate your offer. This milestone allows you to test your offer's viability and gather initial feedback. A smaller network allows for faster feedback and iteration, improving your offer more quickly through direct, real-world interaction. If 30% of people who see your offer buy it, you have something scalable

next 12 months to to achieve the dream and and then sticking to that and then being Dynamic within it to to change the order and sequence if you need to yeah we're always responsive to clients right yeah we talk about what you're making for your guys and I'm making for my guys all the time it's I feel in my Waters that they need a bit more jumping on a community call being so I saw James km say this and I'm mother no kidding but it's is so funny with business models and stuff that so so how I did it this year so this year was a reset for both of us we could do 10 podcasts about the hilarious journey of our our stories and you were selling software 5 minutes ago and not even doing consulting what I did is I did one: one first yeah and then I capped out a one to one and I'm a huge fan of telling people to at least start with something CU it is easy to sell yeah much easier when you say I'm giving you my time I'm holding your hand we're in the trenches together much EAS easier to sell than saying here's a course login all the best right it's it's easier to sell now especially when people have gone through courses and programs where they didn't get results for yes and the straight out we came out of the gate saying a similar thing which is you've done the courses you've done the programs and all you want is someone to help you assemble the good stuff yes so so what I did is it was one to one and then I filled that up and The Hybrid Offer then I was I can either just get more Ono one clients which was not appealing I could either just charge more which was appealing in the sense that I didn't want to move those 30 clients through a price increase and all that stuff and so all I did was create a community version of that and the community visual that if we just get it visual here okay so how you and I teach this right I think you call it the hybrid offer I don't have a name for it but there's one to one and the one to one that I sold was there's no curriculum so you're just getting my time there was no I think we had a slack Channel and then I built out the community and the community was half the price no one to one with me one call a week and a now a school group right so let's just say it's 1500 a month for community and 3,000 a month for one: one what's really beautiful about this particular stack is the one: one does not have a CPR group it does not have C curriculum it doesn't have separate group calls they have all the same group calls so we've got content coaching and community and this and then all that's happening is some people pay more for time with us crazy and this is what I is again it's so subjective so many ways to make money so many ways to get to 100K a month but I would say is the best way yeah yeah but but I would say what I would do is you fill your cup with onetoone clients you get insanely good at what you do controversial right I know you get you really good at what you do you charge a premium for it because you're selling a time and then you can bolt on a community you can do it either or but what I would say is if you start with a community you're not getting the rips in when it comes to Fig the the feedback loop is too long if if you got someone 10 people in a community it's harder to know how many people are winning and what they're struggling with if the only checkpoints you have is this person comes to a community call every 3 weeks right there's no oneto one chicken so I really starting one to one and going to group but here's what I would say that's where I would cap out to go to 100K a month is that you don't then

> "I want your support in getting offers pumping out cash without me having to crank the handle myself. Our goal is building a $3k offer that you take to $3k per week clockwork."
 The plan: 
> "We will install the sovereign system, talk about the client offer, customer offers, and then install the daily client machine."
 The promise, the plan, and the phases. This offer lives and dies on this page. Everything else is logistics. Price is relevant to value. $100/week. What's the risk? Weekly frame, come in, can leave. I choose no guarantees, promises, or refunds. Guarantees are a product of trust perception. The more track record you have, the less you need a guarantee. ## Maximizing Community Economics and the Hybrid Offer Approach **Summary:** James discusses strategies for maximizing community revenue, including offering annual payments with bonuses and utilizing the hybrid offer model to present multiple tiers without confusing potential clients. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** We use the $100/week as a hook. Getting payment upfront is preferable. The average $100/week person stays 15-18 weeks, worth $1500-$1800. If we get $3000 upfront, we get cash upfront and they're more committed. I have a $3900 annual offer with a one-on-one call. This converts at 30%. To maximize conversions, I'd offer it at $2500-$3000. Offering $2500 annually is over a 50% discount. We use pricing to incentivize and collect cash. The hybrid offer sells the first tier without harming conversion to the client offer. 
> "You're receiving regular workshops and 24/7 access. Beyond that, have an option for my personal help. Members can upgrade or I can build you a custom plan to take an offer from $3k to $3k/week to $3k/day."
 The language is unforceful. 
> "Maybe don't select this unless you really want it. It's likely you get all the support you need. If you want higher-level access, this could be for you."
 Community benefits: 
> "As a member, you get access to every recording and training."

- ```txt ## Crafting a Compelling Offer **Summary:** This chunk discusses the importance of a strong offer, working backward from the desired outcome, and the core components of an offer-driven model. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Welcome! Today, we'll focus on constructing your daily client machine—how to generate leads hourly, customers daily, and clients weekly. It's critical to attack things in the right order: offer, then sales, then marketing. The best way to hit a goal is to work backward from it. Create and validate an offer, make three sales with a Google Doc, create a customer offer that converts 5% of buyers into clients, and then automate lead flow, customer offers, and ascend customers into clients weekly. This system creates leads and customers, engages with customers to understand their intent, and captures those who don't display immediate intent for future conversion. The two key components are your big idea and your customer offer. The process is: lead magnet (capture and opt-in), customer offer ($100 digital product), and client offer. The big idea is a product of your client and customer offers, a frame that catches attention, creates curiosity, and establishes authority. ## Big Ideas and Customer Offers **Summary:** This chunk explores different frames for creating a big idea, including swiping, next steps, automation, and identity. It also discusses the customer offer and its role in converting leads. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Many big ideas become so successful they become the brand. Consider these frames: swiping (copy my success), next steps (your first client), automation (automatic clients), and identity (the sovereign consultant). Big ideas often have utility across multiple products (books, courses, consulting). My big idea, "selling from a Google Doc," led to a daily client machine that generates 5-10 leads daily and 1-2 product sales, doubling with simple ads. Put your big idea everywhere—social media profiles, ads. The customer offer turns leads into customers. Ideal components include training, templates, a live workshop, and a call. ## Offer Creation and Validation **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer creation, validation through market feedback, and the key principles of promise, process, and plan. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The path to a million-dollar business is simple, not easy: promise, process, mechanisms, plan, validation, sales, scale, automation. The hybrid offer is key, a single offer with multiple products. Four reasons people buy help: make money, save money, stay legal, live a better life. Focus on one core reason; everything else is a benefit. Understand the problem/desire you're solving. Validation is getting your offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. Use the community for feedback based on real data. ## Hybrid Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk explains the hybrid offer, its advantages over traditional consulting, and provides specific pricing recommendations for community offers, consulting offers, and customer offers. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer, containing multiple products. It includes a 12-month ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Pricing examples: Community offers ($100-200/week, $3,000 annual), consulting offers ($300-600/week), customer offers ($100). This pricing maximizes conversions and economics, making it easy to get started and upgrade. ## Offer Construction Principles **Summary:** This chunk details the three core principles of offer construction: promise, process, and plan. It stresses the importance of clarity, future pacing, and avoiding information overload. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** Three principles: promise (what gets done), process (how it works), plan (how it rolls out)

. This allows clients to naturally ascend to higher value tiers based on their needs and desires for access and speed. ## Cash Velocity and Revenue Volatility: Smoothing the Path to Growth **Summary:** Kemp stresses the importance of lowering revenue volatility to reduce emotional stress and improve business performance. He recommends reverse engineering from your financial goals and incorporating one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Recurring revenue businesses are robust, but recurring revenue doesn't always arrive as expected. Lowering revenue volatility reduces emotional stress and improves operational efficiency. Reverse engineer from your financial goals and use one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. This allows for a sustainable pace and smoother growth. ## Offer Creation and Validation: The Hybrid Offer and Client Feedback **Summary:** Kemp explains the hybrid offer model, which involves a single offer with multiple products at varying price points and durations. He emphasizes the importance of a clear promise, process, and plan, and using client feedback to refine the offer. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer. Focus on a clear promise, process, and plan, allowing prospects to envision their future. Prioritize clarity over complexity; many offers fail due to being indigestible. Validate your offer by getting it in front of 10 people and aiming for 3 sales. Use feedback, especially from those who say "no," to refine your offer. In early stages, a "no" is valuable data. ## Leveraging Existing Assets and Networks for Offer Validation **Summary:** Kemp encourages leveraging existing networks and assets for initial offer validation, emphasizing that an audience and a network are the same in the early stages. He advises testing the offer with a simple message and listening intently to prospect feedback. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** For offer validation, leverage your existing network: past clients, email lists, social media connections, current leads, partners, and personal contacts. Test your offer with a simple message, focusing on the promise and making it easy to get started. This is a listening exercise; gather data on how people respond. "Ghosting" often indicates a lack of clarity in the offer. ## Refining Your Offer: Clarity, Brevity, and Context through Content **Summary:** Kemp advises focusing offers on the client's transformation, not your own story. He stresses the importance of brevity and clarity, using content to provide context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Offers should focus on the client's transformation, not your past achievements. Brevity and clarity are key; the offer is a bridge to their future state. Use content to build context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. By the time they reach the offer, they should already believe you can solve their problem. Focus on the promise and what happens *to them*. ## Creating Compelling Offers: Empathy, Tangibility, and Relief **Summary:** Kemp emphasizes empathy in understanding client desires, highlighting the importance of selling an experience and articulating a tangible, better tomorrow. He advises focusing on selling relief and making the offer a bridge to that relief. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Empathy is crucial for understanding client desires. Sell an experience, not just features. Make the offer tangible by describing the physical experience of the desired outcome or the removal of the problem. Focus on selling relief—a better tomorrow—and make the offer a clear path to that relief. Tangibility and a clear vision make offers easy to sell. ## Offer Distinction and Positioning: Standing Out in Competitive Markets **Summary:** Kemp discusses the importance of offer distinction in competitive markets, suggesting focusing on being the easiest option if you can't be the best

right? That is client driven by solving 20 problems along the way to get there. So they had that problem, and then they are now stretching the annualized value that, that they can ultimately achieve, and I can ultimately capture. So the earlier you are in the journey, the less buckets you want, and the smaller and the more concentrated those buckets are because you just want to fill them up. So one or two tiers is, is ultimately optimal, and I'm going to give you examples in a minute to, to show how this plays out in the, in real, the hybrid. Does that, right? So simplicity scales, and the less offers you have, the more that the offer has space to be optimized. ## Growth vs. Scale on the Path to $1 Million **Summary:** On the path to a million-dollar business, prioritize growth through experimentation and iteration. Once you have a proven offer with a high conversion rate, shift to a scale phase focused on volume. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** I've talked again a lot about the difference between growth and scale. On the road to a million dollars a year, which everybody is capable of, then you are spending much more time in growth than scale. Growth is, the metaphor is throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks, right? That is how optimization happens. It happens through experiments and action and repeated actions and reps, right? In a growth phase, you never stop moving because you're always learning and iterating and trying to remove the pieces that aren't working. And then once you hit an inflection point of, I have things that work, I have an offer that when I send to people, 30% of people buy it, then you can be in a scale phase where you feed people into that and you're looking for volume. On the, on the journey up, those scale phases don't last for very long until you, you will hit a constraint or a bottleneck of diminishing returns and whether the offer or something needs slight engineering or tweaking to keep, to optimize, to ultimately grow. And those are the points where a lot of people stall out, and you'll hear people saying, "I'm stuck at X revenue. I'm stuck at this." And it's because they haven't switched from a growth phase to a scale phase, or they think they're on a scale phase, but they're in a growth phase, and they need to re-engineer the offers or some of the finances towards the marketplace. ## The Hybrid Offer and Client Value Ascension **Summary:** Use a hybrid offer and a stacked ecosystem to reveal potential ascension paths for clients. This allows clients to naturally find their value level within your ecosystem, leading to higher average client value and retention. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So how does it play out? That, that plays out in a reality that on day one of a relationship with a client, it is difficult to discern, truly discern whether a client is a thousand dollar person or a hundred thousand dollar person. The only way we, we discern that is by showing them the path to do so, right? And then the thousand, thousand, probably in hindsight, it's a bit extreme of an example. You can discern, roughly what bucket they're in, but, if you can't tell between a thousand, a hundred thousand dollar person, then there might not be enough signals to go on. So we use the hybrid offer and the stack, we can show people the potential path forward. So what I have done and what I have experimented with and nailed in my own business, and then helped people apply, is I have very power law based experience because the next step for people is always natural, so that has led to very, very high average client value

[details]. DM for link."
 This is a sales page with insight. Sell up to the line, but make the sale via DM. ## The Sovereign Consultant: Prioritizing Life Over Business **Summary:** James Kemp introduces the Sovereign Consultant model, emphasizing the importance of building a life that a business feeds, rather than the other way around, and prioritizing intentional inputs and leverage. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The Sovereign Consultant model is about building a life that a business feeds. Most people want a good life, and the cash flow, impact, and meaning a business provides can feed that life. It's easy to stay at the surface level of strategy, but tactics and strategies alone are volatile and exhausting. Principles and philosophy guide strategy and lower volatility. My calendar demonstrates what's important to me: daily exercise, date night, family dinner, client group calls, and calls only on Tuesdays and Thursdays. This creates space for creativity and flow. You don't earn the right to free space; you choose it. Intentional time management dictates results. The Sovereign way is about leverage and serving the maximum number of people. ## The Sovereign Consultant: Building a Brand **Summary:** James Kemp outlines a three-step process for building a strong brand: defining and selling a unique mechanism, crafting an aspirational identity, and building a world around your brand. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A brand is what people say about you when you're not there. The ideal brand does all the selling. Three components: world, identity, and mechanisms. Start with the mechanism – the way you get results. It needs to be unique (yours) and work. Examples: Daily Client Machine (lead magnet with a self-liquidating offer), Customers to Clients (low-ticket workshops with an offer), Hybrid Offer (selling via documents). Next, craft an aspirational identity. What does someone become when they commit to your world? JK's "Cash Creators" is a great example. Finally, world-building. People buy who you are more than what you do. World-building is an abstraction of your reality. Components: characters, language, places, storylines, memes. My world: The Brazilian, Mr. 13, Miss 7, the cat, the dog, Bali, my journey back to $3 million. Have fun with it (oat milk, Atomic Habits). ``` ============================================================

## Components

### Low-ticket

workshops with an offer), Hybrid Offer (selling via documents). Next, craft an aspirational identity.

## How to Apply

The easiest way is to illustrate with an

Purchases information
Consumes it
Takes the next step presented in the chain
Free information has a distribution advantage. Paid information has an attention advantage.

