---
title: a Framework - Complete Guide
type: frameworks
source_files: 1d5153d5ffa7b721  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: a, framework, system, method
token_count: 15907
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.797456
---

# a Framework - Complete Guide

# a Framework

## Overview

** James Kemp emphasizes the importance of contributing value to communities before expecting anything in return.

## Complete Framework

The Daily Client Machine 2.0
How To Generate Leads, Customers and Clients Fast
Setting The Scene: Efficient Market Dynamics
Client serving businesses are set up to… serve clients. Yet the majority of the marketplace will not become a client. Over a long enough time period, clients come out of an audience in sufficient numbers. But efficiency is finding ways to shorten time periods.
Long sales cycles suck and are hard to scale.
Therefore, we must have efficient ways to identify who is most likely to become a client as early as possible.
Plus, it’s useful to generate cashflow from those who will never become clients in efficient ways.
Traditional Lead Generation
Traditional lead generation and acquisition is a game of large numbers.
Feed 1,000 people in the top.

“Nurture” them while each one slowly drops off.
Get 30 clients out the other end—if you’re good and lucky.
There are numerous issues with this approach. It works when the cost of generating a lead is low enough to waste 97% of the product of a system.
No systems on earth that waste 97% of their output have stood the test of time.
This approach only caters to one type of buying path.
The search for “the best” funnel is an endless one when the constraints are pre-determined.

Dual Mode Client Generation
The 2.0 approach deals with reality:
What we really want is clients, not buckets of leads.
We can use those who won’t immediately (or ever) become clients to fund our marketing
to get clients.
We can monetize IP we have already built.
We can shorten the sales cycle and only engage with the highest quality and readiness
prospects.
Dual Mode means we generate Leads and Customers at the same time using the same ideas.
We make information about our system freely available to consume, then funnel the attention into action.
The fastest way to understand intent and desire is to initiate a transaction (i.e., get someone to give you money).
To get money, you must gain attention and trust by demonstrating you have something they desire.
The Two Buying Types
We need people to consume our ideas (and us) to buy into them.
The key word is consume.
One path a buyer can take:
Consumes information
Derives insight on how it could work for them
Takes the next step and puts the insight into action
The other:

---

## Creating Your "Big Idea" Video (VSL) a demo of a system, the exact steps X and Y exhibit. So one of the key things here is, use the style that's native to you. My style is, I will formulate and write a Google Doc to deliver on my training. I'll formulate and write a Google Doc to deliver offers. And I'll formulate a Google Doc to also, use in my marketing. So a Google, Doc is native to the way that I work and the way I present, and the way I think. And so it's the native thing for me. I have a friend who uses, slides because that's how he does it. And he, draws on paper, and he draws on an ipad. I have a friend who goes piece straight to camera with no. no props or anything that, because that's how he does it, and that's how he delivers. And that's how his training work. So the net the native style is., is is native to you. For me, it's Google Docs, one of the dirty secrets about big ideas or Vsls, the headline drives 50% of the conversion. We only really need people to watch a couple of minutes of something to get them to take action, because the headline has framed whether they are interested and whether it's relevant to them at exact. At that exact time a lot of testing in these funnels goes back to the media, whereas the headline is the the thing that it says at the top of the page drives most of the the attention and the activity off the back of it. a demo of a system, the exact steps X and Y exhibit. So one of the key things here is, use the style that's native to you. My style is, I will formulate and write a Google Doc to deliver on my training. I'll formulate and write a Google Doc to deliver offers. And I'll formulate a Google Doc to also, use in my marketing. So a Google, Doc is native to the way that I work and the way I present, and the way I think. And so it's the native thing for me. I have a friend who uses, slides because that's how he does it. And he, draws on paper, and he draws on an ipad. I have a friend who goes piece straight to camera with no. no props or anything that, because that's how he does it, and that's how he delivers. And that's how his training work. So the net the native style is. you know, is is native to you. For me, it's Google Docs, one of the dirty secrets about big ideas or Vsls, the headline drives 50% of the conversion. We only really need people to watch a couple of minutes of something to get them to take action, because the headline has framed whether they are interested and whether it's relevant to them at exact. At that exact time a lot of testing in these funnels goes back to the media, whereas the headline is the the thing that it says at the top of the page drives most of the the attention and the activity off the back of it.

---

> "I've got something cool. I'm doing this. Would it be useful if I shared it with your people?"
 The "what's working now" frame is easy to sell. It's easy to sell to the audience owner and gain insight. You don't need a grand strategy. Showing what's working now is easy to sell, deliver, talk about, and convert. How do you find people with your audience? You need to be in the in-group. Be in communities this. When you've established yourself, you can answer people's questions. It's a natural stepping-off point. Most people don't contribute enough value to their communities. If you don't have people you can ask, you haven't been useful enough. The value of a community is in the value you bring. You can extract value after you've delivered it. ## The Value of Contribution in Communities **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the importance of contributing value to communities before expecting anything in return. He shares his own experience of becoming the most useful member and reaping the rewards. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** Most people's mindset in communities is "what do I get?" They close off opportunities. You have to demonstrate before you ask. People are asking, "What's in it for me?" Few give freely, so few get freely. I decided to be the most useful member of any group I joined. The more useful I became, the more I got in return. People think about what they get, not what they give. Those who give the most get the most. How do you identify true fans from a list? By making offers. I'll cover that more next week. Making offers attracts and repels. It's list hygiene. Those who aren't open will leave. They were observers, not fans. ## Refining Offers and Leveraging Paid Advertising **Summary:** James Kemp advises on testing offers organically before running paid ads, especially for new customer offers. He also emphasizes focusing on one offer and getting it right rather than creating too many different offers. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** Should you test offers organically before paid ads? Yes, especially for new customer offers. If it's established, go straight to paid traffic with a lead magnet. Look for something people will engage with and buy, warm or cold. Focus on one offer and get it right, rather than creating too many. My content is coaching content. I coach through my content. I relay recent coaching sessions. It's raw and energetic. Is there a process? The key is recency. The most engaged posts followed a moment of insight. Don't hold back. Give it all away. Deliver the same ideas to your audience as to clients, just less personalized. ## Following Up After a Successful Presentation **Summary:** James Kemp suggests running a group call with a call to action for following up with a large number of leads generated from a stage presentation, rather than offering individual calls. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** I jumped on stage last week. I gave it all away. I got about 300 contacts. I wanted to give more. Any recommendations for follow-up? If you have 300, I wouldn't offer individual calls. What was their hook? Doubling profits? Run a virtual session with a call to action. 
> "I spoke to you at the conference. Many are interested in doubling profits. I'm running a call next Wednesday to go deeper and offer a limited opportunity."

. because clear beats, cute James Kemp: name and brand your systems. But don't go over the top. James Kemp: and with pricing is there a clear roi? Have you made it easy to get started? And I've done that by giving you the prescriptions of the pricing? James Kemp: And does your price factor in the cost of inaction? Have you just made it really easy to get started as the primary model? And again. this. I'm laboring this because it's a massive failure point. James Kemp: No one wants to watch 54 videos and intend 10 h of calls a week the better the client, and, the more money they have, the less time they have James Kemp: right, because more offers fail because they are indigestible rather than Lane James Kemp: telling people what's in it., all the things they get is more likely to kill demand than enhance it. Again, it's a common failure point that I see in products and offers that people are talking about all the stuff they get. James Kemp: and in and a desire to overwhelm them with value. James Kemp: And it's lazy, because if you have a clear promise and a plan, people don't need to know all the value you you deliver, they just need to get, be clear about it, so they can say yes and get started. James Kemp: So is to get some examples to bring these things together. Your next task is to construct an offer using a simple Google Doc James Kemp: syndicate folks, 95% of you should have one right now. So the reason we use a Google Doc as far as it's fast to create James Kemp: and to share and to modify. And it's most useful to demonstrate James Kemp: by examples. And I've got a template for you here as well. James Kemp: so this is an example from Jason and Janine. James Kemp: and it talks clearly about the promise James Kemp: and the plan. So the promise is. James Kemp: do you want support for me, and my incredible, incredible community can install a system that can can James Kemp: consistently attracts 5 prospects every month, securing at least one high value client every single month on your terms with the visibility you deserve, and without becoming stuck in the frustration of being the best kept secret. James Kemp: so clearly, clearly, clearly articulates what happens right? It uses numbers. It uses currency to clearly say. James Kemp: this is what's going to happen. This is what you get, and these are things you can point at James Kemp: it clearly, says that it's a 12 month program. but then it comes into over the next 6 weeks. James Kemp: and it talks about the plan will develop your client roadmap so you can. So you are faster. James Kemp: So your laser focused on who you work with. And more importantly, they'll want to work with you right? James Kemp: Then we install your product roadmap James Kemp: very clear. No cuteness. Just the client roadmap, the product roadmap, and then the IP generator system. James Kemp: So it's a great example James Kemp: of being very, very clear about the promise and the plan. and again distilling it down and removing any superfluous bits around the core. Right? Everything else in there is a benefit James Kemp: but the core James Kemp: clearly clearly articulated in the promise as something desirable, and the plan that future paces people to go through. James Kemp: This is what sales offers. James Kemp: If someone is clear that those are the things they want, and they agree with the plan. James Kemp: they are very, very, very likely to want to get started when the price meets the expectation. James Kemp: and again the pricing I've given you, will meet the expectation

. julie williams: Hmm. julie williams: okay. thanks, Jess. James Kemp: I, and I'll and I'll say it again. James Kemp: I'm being really prescriptive today. James Kemp: And black syndicate folks will get into mindset, and those things all we and other and other contexts, but. James Kemp: the act of doing this. James Kemp: the active to the construction of it. as James Kemp: getting it out, getting it out of the way and getting it out there. That's all that matters. You can feel lots of ways about things. James Kemp: but if you're committed to the outcome that you want for yourself, and you're the outcome that you want for the client. Then only do the things that you want to do. James Kemp: Emily. Emily Utter: Hi, I have lots of questions as usual, I did my first workshop today. I think I had 14 sales. which I guess is all right, considering I have no social media. And I made the offer for the first time, and it was a hot mess. But anyways. Emily Utter: as you're going through this, what I'm realizing, I think my offer. Promise still isn't clear. I'm in the make more money category. That's what I'm helping them do. But I feel my Emily Utter: angle of it. And this might be the problem I'm not sure is the self expression. love your business Emily Utter: what we did in the workshop today was, explore the different friction points all the things they don't really in the business. Right? Emily Utter: So Emily Utter: I wrote, I wrote a bunch of notes while you're talking. Can my core offer be? I help you make more money through self-expression? Or is that too nebulous? And people are fuck that, or I don't care, or whatever James Kemp: it is, pretty nebulous, how much money? What does the expression look ? Emily Utter: Well, so okay, for example, I helped a client shift her niche, and then the very first launch of her program. She did a half a million launch, and it's because I helped her do the thing she really wanted to do, instead of the thing she was pretending she wanted to do. James Kemp: So. The first step that we go through in the plan is aligning you with your James Kemp: ideal niche that you can freely express yourself to with my Ach system. Emily Utter: Okay. Emily Utter: no such system exists. It's Emily's bullshit meter. Put a Tm on everything, and it's a system, right Emily Utter: whatever. I think when you mentioned the bleeding confusion I was, yeah. And I think, too, most of the people who bought my workshop. And I'm sure, the first sales into this community. They're all gonna be people who've worked with me. Emily Utter: And so I've been banking on the fact that, they know, my time is worth it. And so I could call it Emily Utter: talk to Emily, and I feel those people would still buy. Maybe that's naive. Maybe I'm being lazy. And I do have my whole. Pdf, I don't know if you're open to looking at it, or I can post it, or whatever. But James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money. Emily Utter: But the method is through James Kemp: self expression. Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money. James Kemp: just people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it

- ```txt ## Defining the Sovereign Consultant **Summary:** This chunk defines the concept of a sovereign consultant, emphasizing intentionality in building a mechanism, identity, and operating world to achieve high leverage returns from a small, engaged audience. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The goal is building a million-dollar-per-year solo consultancy with 65 clients or less, working less than two days per week. This is achieved by intentionally building your mechanism, the identity people inhabit when they work with you, and the world you operate in. It's not about massive email lists or social media followers; it's about telling a compelling story to a small group. Intentionality is key to achieving high leverage returns from small audiences. You don't need huge lists, attention, or experience if you're intentional about these three categories. ## Client Acquisition Phases and Demonstrating Competence **Summary:** This chunk outlines the phases of client acquisition (lead, customer, client) and emphasizes the importance of demonstrating competence at each stage to efficiently gain clients and minimize sales pressure. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** This model is alpha-driven. A lead is someone you have the right to communicate with, a customer has transacted with you, and a client receives your dedicated time and resources. To obtain a client efficiently, demonstrate competence at each stage. While people can skip steps, a methodical sequence produces the best clients with the least sales pressure. Understanding intent and desire is crucial, and initiating a transaction is the fastest way to gauge intention. An offer-driven model provides a clear next step for prospects. ## The Client World Structure: Community and Consulting Levels **Summary:** This chunk details the tiered structure of the client world, including community and consulting levels, and explains how a seven-figure run rate can be achieved with just these two tiers. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The client world consists of a community level, a consulting level, and optionally, a mentorship level. The mentorship level isn't necessary for a seven-figure run rate. The community level provides a broad base, while the consulting level offers more intimate, high-access service. A menu of offerings allows for varied sales and delivery. For example, a sovereign community might cost $100 monthly with a $3,000 annual option, alongside other higher-priced group programs and consulting hours at a premium rate. ## Core Reasons People Buy Help and Focusing on One **Summary:** This chunk identifies the four core reasons people buy help (make more money, save money, stay legal, live a better life) and stresses the importance of focusing on just one core reason for business clarity and effective messaging. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** There are four core reasons people buy help: make more money, save money, stay legal, and live a better life. Focus on solving for only one core reason; all other benefits are secondary. Focusing on a single core helps refine messaging, offers, and target audience, leading to greater clarity and effectiveness. While secondary benefits can attract and retain clients, a clear core problem is essential. Losing sight of this core can lead to confused messaging and a diluted brand identity. ## Understanding the Client's Problem and Solution **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of understanding how the core problem manifests in clients' lives, their awareness of it, and their current solutions to effectively tailor your unique solution and messaging. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Understanding your core offering is crucial. Ask yourself: What problem are you solving? How does it show up in people's lives? Are they aware it exists? How are they currently trying to solve it? Connecting clients' pain to your solution is your job. Understanding their current solutions allows you to position your unique approach within a ready market. Confusion around your core offering will negatively impact your offer creation and marketing

. The key is a product that offers higher client value beyond the community level. This allows clients to control their access and the speed of their results, with greater access generally leading to faster results. ## The Nuance of Selling the Hybrid Offer and Maximizing Value **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of a clear plan within the offer, outlining the promise, plan, pricing, and ROI to maximize value and resonate with prospects. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A compelling offer needs a clear promise, plan, and price. Can you articulate their desires and the outcomes of their commitment? Can you describe what they'll see? What negative downsides are you helping them avoid? What happens first, next, and after that? A clear picture of the next few days and weeks is crucial. Pricing should offer a clear ROI and be easy to get started with. ## Crafting Compelling Offers: Promise, Plan, and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk provides a framework for crafting compelling offers, emphasizing a clear promise, a detailed plan, and a justifiable price with a clear ROI, using a real-world example. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Effective offers have a clear promise, plan, and price. A strong promise outlines the specific outcome, installing a lead generation system that attracts five prospects and secures one high-value client monthly. The plan details the steps involved, developing a client roadmap and setting up a content system. This clarity allows for selling longer-term commitments (12 months) by focusing on initial, shorter-term commitments (6 weeks). ## Using Google Docs for Offer Creation and Iteration **Summary:** This chunk advocates for using Google Docs for offer creation due to its speed, ease of sharing, and modification, allowing for dynamic iteration based on market feedback. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Use Google Docs for offer creation. They're fast to create, share, and modify, allowing for dynamic iteration based on market feedback. The market writes the offer; iterate based on their feedback. This dynamic approach allows you to refine your offer until it resonates with your target audience and achieves the desired results. ## Clarity on Your Core Offering and Avoiding Messaging Confusion **Summary:** This chunk reiterates the importance of clarity on your core offering and avoiding muddled messaging, especially as your business grows and evolves. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Clarity about your core offering is paramount. It's easy to get sidetracked, but staying true to your core offering is essential for effective messaging and offer creation. Avoid muddying your message by trying to be everything to everyone. Focus on what you do best and let that clarity guide your decisions. ## Product Structure: Content, Community, and Customization **Summary:** This chunk outlines the three key components of product structure: content, community, and customization, and emphasizes the importance of a clear promise, plan, and price with a demonstrable ROI. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Products should include content (training videos), community (interaction platform), and customization (tailored access). Ensure your offer includes a promise, plan, and price with a clear ROI. If you can deliver on these elements, your offer is market-ready. Different levels of access within the product cater to varying client needs and budgets. ## Validating Your Offer and the Importance of Three Sales **Summary:** This chunk sets a validation milestone of three sales for new offers and explains how even a small network can provide valuable feedback for rapid iteration and improvement. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Aim for three sales to validate your offer. This milestone allows you to test your offer's viability and gather initial feedback. A smaller network allows for faster feedback and iteration, improving your offer more quickly through direct, real-world interaction. If 30% of people who see your offer buy it, you have something scalable

., when we've got a big enough ambition. James Kemp: then there's going to take 12 months James Kemp: if you don't want to. You can stop at any time. James Kemp: It's not a hostage situation, it's the language I use. James Kemp: but they, if you decide to leave. James Kemp: then this is the consequence. Louis Calvert: Cool? Yeah, I think I'll go with that as well. Louis Calvert: That's the only reason I joined Syndica. I was II joined because there was no guarantee, not thinking that I'd stick around so long. And then I've James Kemp: I'm not planning on leaving anytime soon. Louis Calvert: Yeah. that was me. That was me. Just some simple questions. Thank you. James Kemp: who feels stuck on what to include. James Kemp:, what actual, what to include in terms of training James Kemp: calls community, etc. James Kemp: Because this is that that's the piece that probably people go away and overthink. James Kemp: What do I put in it? And James Kemp: in my now vast experience most people put too much in James Kemp: right, and that so again, I oversimplified it down to James Kemp: you, need some training and some videos and some templates to get people to follow to a process., these are the things these are the tools. Here's the work I've done for you. You need to. James Kemp: Here here they are, get to to do on your own a community and then calls to do it. James Kemp: Is anyone stuck on what to include in there. James Kemp: and a community aura or a client also. Russell Pearson: Oh, I am James James Kemp: Cool. Russell Pearson: So I've got my current community is the forge. I've got about 20 clients in there, and we've got Russell Pearson: 4 calls a week. We do some one on one work strategic plans and the . Russell Pearson: But I'm looking at this other community piece is being a step down from that, because. Russell Pearson: yeah, the the forge is pretty much all access to me. So I'm stepping down, thinking all right. Well, one call a week. What does the Q. And a. Call look ? Do I do education? Because when I first started doing this years back. Russell Pearson: education just set people running in different directions rather than sticking to a, a plan? Russell Pearson: and because I'm not technically working with them and working through their plan. Russell Pearson: And this is probably just me now. I'm not sure that I can get them the results Russell Pearson: without working with them. James Kemp: Yeah. Russell Pearson: So the the point is, what would I put into a downgrade of the forge? I guess James Kemp: so. How many calls a week are you running? Russell Pearson: Did you say? Full James Kemp: fall? So a downgrade of the forge could give them access to the community. One call a week and the training library. Russell Pearson: Yeah, okay? And currently the let's say, the payment plan is 1750. Russell Pearson: Yeah. And it's a so 21 total year. And if you're talking, maybe 100 or a hundred 50 a week. Russell Pearson: That's the community piece. James Kemp: Yeah. James Kemp: lots of people having great results unbundling their main programs that. James Kemp: So they, my recommendation would be offer them a one-on-one call as a bonus to get started, just I do James Kemp: have go

. Some are problem-aware, some are solution-aware, and some are ready to buy. By addressing each stage, you maximize your reach and conversion potential. ## The Rhythm: Content Creation for Context and Quality **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of consistent content creation to provide context and establish authority, leading to higher quality content over time. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Consistent content creation is essential. It provides context for your offers and establishes your authority. The volume of content leads to quality over time. Focus on creating content that resonates with your audience and addresses their needs. ## The Rhythm: Content Buckets: Philosophy, Proof, and Problem **Summary:** This chunk introduces three content buckets (philosophy, proof, problem) to provide a framework for consistent messaging and audience engagement. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Categorize your content into three buckets: philosophy (your beliefs and worldview), proof (case studies and results), and problem (common struggles and solutions). Consistently messaging within these buckets maximizes engagement and attracts clients at different stages of awareness. ## The Rhythm: Content Distribution: Primary and Secondary Channels **Summary:** This chunk simplifies content distribution by focusing on a primary and secondary channel, recommending creating content for the primary channel and distributing it through the secondary. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Simplify content distribution by focusing on a primary and secondary channel. Create content for your primary channel (e.g., email) and distribute it through your secondary channel (e.g., social media). This maximizes your reach and reinforces your message. ## The Rhythm: Example Plan and Product Promotion **Summary:** This chunk provides a practical example of a six-week promotional plan, oscillating between customer and client offers and demonstrating how to link offers for cross-selling opportunities. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** A six-week promotional plan alternates between customer and client offers, creating a rhythm and maximizing engagement. Each offer should also include opportunities to cross-sell other products and services, creating a synergistic ecosystem. ## The Rhythm: The Mindset of Offer Creation and Market Response **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of being open to market feedback and adjusting offers based on client needs, rather than fixating on a rigid sales plan. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Be open to market feedback and adjust your offers based on client needs. Don't fixate on a rigid sales plan. The goal is to understand what prospects want and offer the best solution from your toolkit, maximizing value for both you and the client. ## The Rhythm: Content Examples and Market Trends **Summary:** This chunk provides examples of content ideas based on personal philosophy, client results, and market trends, emphasizing the importance of responding to current conversations. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Content should reflect your philosophy, showcase proof of results, and address current market problems. Pay attention to market trends and conversations, and create content that responds to those trends, inserting yourself into the ongoing dialogue. ## The Rhythm: Identifying Gaps in Your Plan **Summary:** This chunk encourages analyzing your promotional plan for gaps in content, offers, or distribution, and using those gaps to identify areas for improvement and growth. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Analyze your promotional plan for gaps. Gaps in content, offers, or distribution indicate areas for improvement. Use these gaps to identify opportunities to better serve your audience and grow your business. ## The Rhythm: Judging Offer Effectiveness and Long-Term Value **Summary:** This chunk advises against judging offer effectiveness solely on immediate sales, emphasizing the importance of long-term value and client engagement. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Don't judge offer effectiveness solely on immediate sales. Consider long-term value and client engagement

And then I started to wonder why I didn't have any of it anymore. But then when I was on that plane, I had this level of capacity and being able to see the board in front of me that I've never had. I knew the next move. In the last few years, a lot of people have asked me, "Who's your mentor? Who are you getting coached by?" Most of those things have been very specific or spasmodic because I am… because I can see the board in front of me. I know the next move, even if I don't know what it is. I know it's there, and I know it comes. The removal of anxiety is that peeling back of… all the moves are there, and they… I can see all the concurrent timelines on how they go, and I just decide and choose, and I operate in that state. The transition from having consistent, constant anxiety… and again, we shouldn't judge any of these things, because there are our own personal semantic definitions of them. Some people have debilitating what they call anxiety, and other people just sit there with a low level of it and are not even aware of it, and it drives them. That judgment of what it is is pointless, but the removal of it allows you to tap into the flow, which says all the moves are right there, and the surrender to them, and there is no wrongness in any of it. There is no worry. There is no central thing that is catastrophic that will go wrong. ## The Body as a Supercomputer and the Importance of Raw Materials **Summary:** Our bodies function optimally when provided with the right inputs, including proper nutrition, sleep, and awareness. This allows our minds to operate at their best and align with our authentic selves. Video Source:* sovereign mindset.txt **Content:** This resonates so much, and I would love to add a thought. My opinion is that, yes, to all that you said, and also the understanding that our body is a supercomputer and therefore it operates best when it's given the right raw material. So energy and, yes, active participants to be carrying for our mind and body. I hear you saying, though, and that might just be the story that I'm telling myself, so therefore it's true for me, because I hear you saying, not operate from a need. But what I was going to say is things the right food sources, the right amount of sleep, the right amount of awareness gives our body the raw material it needs to function at its best. So then our brain operates at its best. I love… I want to offer another analogy. Daniel Priestley gives the analogy of the David, and I had never heard that story before, but the way he says it in the 10x Is Greater Than 2x is that the creation of the David was the removal of everything that was not the David. I think when we look at us as humans, I feel sometimes it is this journey of removing everything that is not authentically true to who we are, because, I agree, I think we innately know, when we give ourselves space to be present with it, who we are called to be. We go through a process of remembering and clarifying and seeing who that is and letting go of everything that isn't part of it. ## The Light Touch of Holding Results and Avoiding Tight Grip **Summary:** Holding results too tightly, especially financial ones, can lead to their loss. A light touch and trust in the universe's balancing act are crucial for achieving desired outcomes. Video Source:* sovereign mindset.txt **Content:** Someone said to someone the other day on a private call about their holding tightness of results, their results being money. Money particularly is sand in your hand. The harder you squeeze it, the more it leaks between the fingers and disappears

Revenue where the payments just keep going weekly or monthly or you can just resell in another rhythm of 16 weeks I don't when people go into a month-to Monon where it's truly open-ended it's do you want to keep working together in every month you don't know where these clients are staying so having a time commitment is strong but I really having a core recurring Revenue offer that you can just resell and resell and resell again and I am a few years into this with clients where some clients have never made more than a six-month commitment and they're still here 3 years later so it totally works do it the same way in terms of going from one offer into the next CU by the way just to recap to clarify sorry these are not different offers this is not an upsell this is not a downsell this is a resell would you to continue to pay the same and experience the same level of coaching content and Community yeah that's how I do it I I we're fully on the same page with that and again it goes back to that selling once piece which is to get the transformation you want you know the dream outcome as you say it takes 12 months m in the next 16 weeks these things get done y right so they're committing to 16 weeks but they understand if they want the dream outcome they probably should be there for 12 months minimum y so I sell on two Dimensions the the time Dimensions is you're selling two time frames you're selling what happens first and then what can happen over the time frame but that's a pre it's the dream and the goal yeah right the war and the battle right yeah and then two Dimensions as well is how fast do you want to go mhm because the the the two Dimensions I sell is you can get started here for 300 bucks you get this much of me you get this this this that's enough for 66% of people but based on current numbers for the other 33% who who are in my world they're I want more access to you I want to buy hours with you I want a private sele with you so I have levels yeah that go faster let's talk about the levels well the other level that I'll go back to to the Daily client machine which is a methodology that I launched after Authority architecture that had two really distinct levels which was I'll help you write a book that you can turn into a sales funer they get you high ticket clients that was the whole premise of the daa client machine right the the course and the program of 5 grand the done for you was 50 right right so we' do we'd do the book for them launch the funnel etc etc you wrote people's books I forgot about that you're not just talking about the done for you of the selling it was so another I wanted to introduce that because another level for some people can be Services too yeah one to one services and those things but the the the point is there's power laws present in groups of customers right there is a a pretty decent cohort in most people's audiences who just want more access to you they want to go faster they want it done for them and I believe having an offer there that is multiples of the of the easy to enter $23 $400 a week piece is the fastest way to accelerate Revenue but also understand that there's different there's differing economics in your client base some people I've had people who only ever going to pay me 100 bucks and I've had people going to have pay me multiple six figures y so it's I I believe two Dimensions we're selling two dimensions of time yeah what gets done in terms of what did you say the goal yeah the the dream and the goal the Dream and the goal so sell the goal and then the dream yep and then two dimensions of this is everything that you get there's plenty there but if you want to go if you want to go faster go on the fast lane then then you can

## Q&A: Workshopping a Product Idea (DCM) James Kemp: Hi, Tom. Tom Rolley: Hey, James, how's it going. James Kemp: Good. Tom Rolley: I was wondering if we could workshop a potential product through the Dcm Tom Rolley: and just see how you'd approach that. So the, it's a workshop recording. It was called Map your custom journey, and the purpose was to identify the constraint in the business so that they would know which thing to fix Tom Rolley: so yeah, just wondering how you'd approach that from A from this? Dcm, where do I? Where do I start? What do I build. How do I? How do I look at it to get it up? And running. James Kemp: So the consumption of products is generally based on the the need that the person believes they have. James Kemp: So the consumption of products is generally based on the the need that the person believes they have. James Kemp: So do does the target market know what a customer journey is. Tom Rolley: Oh, gee, maybe. But probably not Tom Rolley: they. Yeah, I'm guessing they probably they're probably just overwhelmed with the amount of stuff going on in their business, and they probably wouldn't recognize that those words. James Kemp: So in the in the realm of the customer. What's the primary problem that they want solved today? Tom Rolley: I think, they're probably they're they're looking for either, increased profits or increased revenue. And then they're not sure what they're trying lots of things, but nothing much is working. And they're just unsure about what even the problem is is most likely. James Kemp: Exactly. James Kemp: That market category isn't good for info products. They're good for insight. James Kemp: Right? Once you catch their attention, you can, show how how to work those things out. And how do you get your top 3 priorities and get them a plan? James Kemp: But they're not good, for info James Kemp: info is good for people who already have James Kemp: something that they feel they need to solve. They're just looking for the the mechanism to do it. Tom Rolley: Okay. So hence, if they don't know what a customer journey is, then it doesn't make any sense for them to to. James Kemp: So the way to frame a customer related journey thing is how to get. James Kemp: how to get the the template, to send to your customers today to get 81% back into your business in the next 30 days. Right? James Kemp: Because they've the the repeat business. The instant. Repeat business, template. James Kemp: how to send this, get clients. James Kemp: get money, etc. It's easy. It's, Okay. James Kemp: I want more repeat business. So I'm going to buy this, so I can use it straight away. Tom Rolley: Okay? And and that's the insight one rather than the. James Kemp: That's an info . Tom Rolley: That's the info. Okay, cool. James Kemp: With with the hybrid offer. I'm saying to people, you're selling an expensive thing on the telephone right now take this template. Put the thing you're selling into into this and sell it without the call. James Kemp: And they're, because they're they've got the thing they've got the offer. James Kemp: and they've got. They're they're running a process that they don't . James Kemp: They're doing sales calls. Tom Rolley: Okay, so where do I take that for the for this customer journey thing, should I just Tom Rolley: throw it in the bin. James Kemp: Element of the customer journey

. James Kemp: And they're, because they're they've got the thing they've got the offer. James Kemp: and they've got. They're they're running a process that they don't . James Kemp: They're doing sales calls. Tom Rolley: Okay, so where do I take that for the for this customer journey thing, should I just Tom Rolley: throw it in the bin. James Kemp: Element of the customer journey. It sounds very high level rather than . Tom Rolley: So that the the outcome is they can see the each stage of their business, and then they can clear. They ordered it and go. Oh, okay, well, we're dropping off here. that that there was, 8 18 people going into a sales call and one sale being made, and they were expecting a 30%. And so it was clear that that was the broken bit. Tom Rolley: So what do they do about that about one of them that I do. James Kemp: What do they do? Tom Rolley: What do they do? Well, then, they it's been mixed up Tom Rolley: piece rather than fixing more leads or more advertising that it was, oh, this is this is the broken bit fix that. So they they knew which bit to fix rather than just. James Kemp: A good info product zooms in on that bit. It says if people aren't turning up to your sales calls or your sales calls aren't converting at more than 30%. Do this. James Kemp: A good info product zooms in on that bit. It says if people aren't turning up to your sales calls or your sales calls aren't converting at more than 30%. Do this. Tom Rolley: Okay. James Kemp: So it talks that a good info product talks to a known problem. Tom Rolley: Okay? All right. So they have to know the problem that they've got the problem first.st And then they're, Okay, cool. This, this is the solve. James Kemp: Yeah. Otherwise, otherwise, an info product is going to spend a lot of time trying to educate people James Kemp: on that. This is the problem rather than just buying it. James Kemp: So an info product works best on a market where the the knowledge of the problem is already there. Tom Rolley: Okay. James Kemp: An insight as different because that customer journey piece James Kemp: may work very well as an insight based video which, watch this. And then you'll analyze this, and then I'll help you with James Kemp: help you with fixing that problem. James Kemp: Okay, cool. Got it James Kemp: in terms of the . If you want to know how to use that specific thing. James Kemp: That's how you'd. That's how you'd utilize it. Tom Rolley: Okay, so that would be more the Vsl, the open Vsl piece that you discussed. Okay, cool. All right. Got it. James Kemp: And then framing it. James Kemp: how we get how we double the revenue from existing customer bases without getting any new leads and and spending money on marketing, or something that. Tom Rolley: So yeah, got it. Got it? Tom Rolley: Alright. Cool. James Kemp: Because. Tom Rolley: Thank you. James Kemp: An insight based funnel will by nature educate people about, talk to pains. James Kemp: talk to problems, present solutions, and then say, do you want to fix them. James Kemp: whereas info funnel is, you've got a problem. James Kemp: Here's something that solves that problem. James Kemp: I'll prove to you that I can solve that problem. You've probably got another problem James Kemp: would

. Shevaune Ray: And I think you clarified this at the end when you were just talking with Tom. But the the difference in your new daily client machine is Shevaune Ray: selling, both doing it both info and insight, and not one or the other. Is that really the biggest difference. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, to understanding that the perfect funnel doesn't exist we could run low ticket info funnels, forever. And then we'll just reach James Kemp: the limitations, but would also be missing out on a ton of people who bought in a different way. James Kemp: And also we would buy, we could run, lead, lead funnels and those things all day long. James Kemp: but would also be missing out on the people who buy via an infopath and buy products and consume them, etc. Etc. And that's their buying style. Shevaune Ray: Chat too. James Kemp: And the I'm looking for things sustainable. I don't want to be building a new funnel. James Kemp: . I don't want to be building a new funnel every year. I want the core laid down, and then just reframing it, and modifying it as it goes along, rather than . Oh, my God! The webinars, died after 6 months, or the lead magnet stopped working after 3. James Kemp: That's exhausting for most people. So we need a, we need a methodology and a philosophy that's got utility. We can add different. James Kemp: We can change the video. We can change the frontier product. But. Shevaune Ray: And that's I do appreciate that. I know. I I told you that I just switched over to go high level and I appreciate that about that system is that you can set it up with multiple entry points, and all you have to change is the workflow. Instead of rewriting the whole thing. If you just want to switch something out. James Kemp: Yeah. Yeah., once, once the James Kemp: once we've got the especially the info funnel working, it's, okay, let's put some more offers on the front because the bumps the same, the membership offers the same, the upsells the same. So you're just changing out the front end. And, products, fatigue markets, fatigue, things change, and on an increasingly. James Kemp: quick basis, right? And James Kemp: AI, and these things will accelerate that because people feel that they've got much deeper, information inside than they probably necessarily have, so they'll make very good products. James Kemp: But because people are buying them, and that's proven and gpts. And these things the people who are selling them are doing very well. James Kemp: but also they're on the back end. They're tough to convert, because you've you've given every everybody, everything they needed. James Kemp: And you've you've got true cannibalization. So yeah, it's the. Shevaune Ray: Are you going to talk more about? Shevaune Ray: Were you gonna talk more about AI in this meeting? James Kemp: Not today. Shevaune Ray: Not today. That was the other call, okay? Shevaune Ray: yeah. That's I stuck myself in a a rock and a hard place, because Shevaune Ray: the market shifted just as I was ramping up and really relaunching my new structure. And Shevaune Ray: I'm realizing to get that Shevaune Ray: I used to be able to just sell the high ticket, and a very a piece of unbundled of the the higher ticket. Shevaune Ray: And the market really just is so bored overwhelmed

. Solve a single problem, deliver a single result. Sell them what they want, give them what they need. I trick my clients into coming by making it sound more fun. I'm a big proponent of selling the next thing, making it sound great, but delivering what they need. Magic pills sell. Frame it magically while staying ethical. If you're experienced, you can take more risks testing new ideas. I believe people's time is precious. Repurposing something you're confident about and giving it a new frame is the best way to deliver. I've delivered workshops about workshops 3 times. I find new things, so I reteach. Remember they're a small sum of the larger part. I can't help you build a sovereign business in this workshop. There's a bigger piece. Three types of workshops: demonstration (show what's working, give them the things that work), model (show the overall model, give them a plan), and mechanism (help them use the mechanism to get a result). Demonstration: show what's working, why it works, give them the things that work, and let them replicate. I want people to copy me. Model: show the overall model, give them a plan, help them envisage theirs. Mechanism: help them use the mechanism to get a result. Traffic to your sales page is warm. You don't need long sales pages. Short, punchy, bullet-pointed pages work best. The more you give to sell, the more objections. Put logistical details on the sales page. Content pre-sells the sales page. 3-7 day promotion periods work well. Most people run out of things to say before 7 days. Content builds context. By the time they get to the sales page, they're sold on the context. Your workshop depends on your delivery method. Some do slides, workbooks, docs, straight to camera. I docs because they help me think. Delivery has two parts: the vehicle (document, slides) and the conversation (Q&A). Insight can happen during or after. The replay goes into the community. If they don't join, they get it on an ungated page. Ungated means it's pirated, but it works in your favor long-term. How do you get clients? The key metric is the number of offers you make. Insert the offer briefly but carefully. Client offers convert better when offered to customers. Workshops convert better than webinars. It's easier to sell to someone who's bought before. Five touch points: 24 hours and 60 minutes before, beginning, end, and replay. If you offer a call, that's a fifth touch point. The more offers you make, the more clients you get. Three common mistakes: building a workshop a webinar, building a workshop to sell (leaving pieces out), and creating workshops when desperate for clients. Even if you don't have clients, run a workshop for an imaginary client. Focus on delivery. Results are created long-term. Good results come from giving good insights, teaching, and experiences. If you focus on delivery, then have a system to distribute it, you'll get the best results. Your marketing becomes demonstration and distribution. Most people spend 80% of their time marketing, 20% delivering. I spend 80% creating for clients, 20% productizing and monetizing. I work backwards from what clients need. There's a paradox with workshops: some of the best for clients are the worst for customers. Think about turning workshops into long-term assets the same way you think about ads. Run 10 workshops to find the one that works long-term. Judge them on three dimensions: product, delivery, and client generation. What are you focusing on? Client acquisition? Run spicy workshops that give immediate results. When upselling, send reminders 24 hours and 60 minutes before

> "Support to install a system attracting 5 prospects monthly, securing 1 high-value client monthly, on your terms, without being the best-kept secret."
 Example plan: 
> "In the first 6 weeks, we'll install the client roadmap, product roadmap, and IP generator system."
 Modalities: Coaching (discovering answers), consulting (giving answers), mentorship (showing how). I create for my community, coach on weekly calls, consult on WhatsApp, mentor on Zoom. You can sell modalities individually or bundled into products. ## Access to Training and Classroom Content **Summary:** This chunk addresses the value of accessing all trainings and recordings within a community membership. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** We've added a valuable benefit: access to all my trainings and templates. Many people want a back catalog of resources. As a community member, you get access to every recording and training. This is a key benefit of joining. ## Offer Specificity and Niche Targeting **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer specificity, avoiding trying to be everything to everyone, and targeting a specific niche. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** Are you clear about your core offer? Have you defined your content, community, and customization? Have you scoped out your promise, plan, and price with a clear ROI? The weakest offers try to be everything to everyone. A clear promise is essential. Have you laid out a plan with unique mechanisms? People buy new things that solve old problems. ## Outreach Templates and Offer Sharpening **Summary:** This chunk discusses providing outreach templates and the importance of sharpening existing offers for better conversion. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** I'll be providing templates for outreach, including social posts and emails. We'll cover these in detail next week. For now, focus on your offer. Are you working on a new offer or modifying an existing one? Let's sharpen your offer for better results. ## Niche Selection and Offer Clarity **Summary:** This chunk uses a real-world example to illustrate how to refine a niche and create a compelling offer promise. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** (Ramzi's example of e-commerce sellers wanting to step out of their business) A niche defines the desire in the marketplace. It's a good hypothesis, but not specific enough. What will the outcome look for them? Time freedom, flexibility. Most people don't want those things because they're terrifying. Pre-package a vision for them. 
> "Helping e-commerce business owners run their business in one day a week"
 is more specific. 
> "I'll help you install the 3 systems that allow you to run your e-commerce business in one day a week"

- ```txt ## The Power of One: Building a $1M/Year Business with a Single Offer **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the simplicity of building a million-dollar online business using a single, well-crafted offer within the knowledge economy. He outlines the path, highlighting the importance of a tight, specific, and minimal offer-driven model. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The path is simple, though not easy: make a promise, define a process with unique mechanisms, create a plan, present the offer, and validate it with sales. This model allows for dynamic, fast iteration using tools Google Docs. Results happen in the marketplace, not from consuming ideas, so creating and testing offers is key. Validation means getting the offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. ## Fast and Stable Growth: Balancing Constraints and Flexibility **Summary:** James Kemp discusses the importance of stability for rapid growth, advocating for a balance between constraints and flexibility. He emphasizes the need for underlying principles and frames to navigate uncertainty and ensure results happen *for* you, not *to* you. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The most powerful systems are both fast and stable. To move fast, you need a mix of constraints and flexibility. While certainty is unattainable, having the right frameworks and principles allows you to capitalize on opportunities and solve underlying problems. The initial setup involves defining who you are, what you do, and your target audience. ## Market Selection and Sociological Branding: Prioritizing Your Energy **Summary:** Kemp explains the importance of market selection, advising to be close to money for greater financial success. He contrasts sociological branding (prioritizing your energy and desires) with psychological branding (catering to market demands). Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Your market choice significantly impacts your financial results. Being close to money—its creation, discovery, keeping, and transfer—increases earning potential. However, market selection should align with your desires, skills, and market permission. A sociological business prioritizes your energy and interests, attracting -minded individuals through natural polarization. This contrasts with psychological businesses that chase market demands, often becoming chameleons. ## Building Your Brand: Mechanism, Identity, and Transparency **Summary:** Kemp highlights the importance of a unique mechanism, a clear identity, targeted content, and transparency in building a compelling brand. He advises actively repelling those who aren't your ideal clients and focusing on total, honest communication. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Key elements for a successful brand include a unique mechanism, a defined client identity, content showcasing your past, present, and future, and clear messaging that repels those you don't serve. Transparency is crucial in a low-trust environment. Total, honest communication trumps polished copywriting; authenticity attracts the right people. ## Client Value and Power Laws: Maximizing Revenue and Retention **Summary:** Kemp introduces the concept of power laws in client relationships, emphasizing that not all clients are equal. He advocates for focusing on annualized client value and creating an ecosystem that allows clients to find their natural spending level. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Power laws dictate that a small percentage of clients contribute a large percentage of income. Ignoring this leads to diminishing returns and burnout. Focus on annualized client value and create an ecosystem with revenue buckets. This allows clients to naturally ascend to higher value tiers based on their needs and desires for access and speed. ## Cash Velocity and Revenue Volatility: Smoothing the Path to Growth **Summary:** Kemp stresses the importance of lowering revenue volatility to reduce emotional stress and improve business performance. He recommends reverse engineering from your financial goals and incorporating one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan

. So we use the hybrid offer and the stack, we can show people the potential path forward. So what I have done and what I have experimented with and nailed in my own business, and then helped people apply, is I have very power law based experience because the next step for people is always natural, so that has led to very, very high average client value. And that's also led to very high retention because I have a myth, a methodology which allows people to naturally move forward to the place that they need to be, but also naturally move backwards to settle at a level without them ultimately leaving a community or a product or, etc. And saying in other ways, I've worked out how to get the most amount of money out of clients while delivering, out of clients for delivering the maximum result. And I've also worked out a way to pretty much ensure that most people don't leave because they have something for them. So scenario one, a common scenario: They join the community, they pay in full off the back of, an offer, they enjoy the experience, I credit that experience against the syndicate, and they step up into it. I credit the full experience. I work out a custom payment for them based on the credit, so they're not paying the full amount. They feel that they've got a credit, which is again potential energy in there, and they step up into the syndicate, and they're on a lower payment than they would be at a market rate, and they've got that natural experience. That is a very common flow, just by crediting what someone has previously purchased against the next step. Right? And I'm in the process of engineering that across the board in the business to make that natural. So anybody, no matter how long they've been in there, can benefit from, from that progress in that state, so they can settle in their naturals, in their natural place. That also, this also means that in the inverse, that someone could join the syndicate for a period of time and step back down to the community because under the, the nature of that offer, they might spend 3 months in the syndicate, and then they step down, and they've still got, 9 or 8 months, in the community, and they're still ultimately there and part of it. Right? ## Leveraging Small Initial Investments for High Client Value **Summary:** By strategically structuring your ecosystem and crediting previous purchases, you can transform small initial commitments into significantly higher value client relationships. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So this is another scenario that's played out. And so that, that scenario there has an annualized value of about $20,000 for a person if they stay for the whole duration of that. that's the, the actual ultimate example. Bear in mind, the first touch point that that person had when joining my world was they were probably attracted by someone, something that said, "Join for a hundred dollars." So I have taken that commitment or that interest of a figure around a hundred dollars and then established that the client will spend $20,000, right? There's an order of magnitude different in the actual client value. And this is why we isolate that when we look at offers, we isolate the ability to convert someone versus having an ecosystem that they step into where they ultimately expand. There are plenty of people who have gone through the classic ascension from me, who have downloaded a free lead magnet, bought a $10 book, joined $100 a week community, and then ascended all the way up to the Circle at $800 a week. So again, same scenario, client joins the community, then moves between levels based on how much proximity and access they need at the time. And again, this is a real scenario

.0 and then I sat there I thought about it and I was :41 am I becoming new Dan Bolton or am I becoming true Dan Moulton now funny play on words but for me what's really :47 interesting is if I think about who I was as an 18 year old I'm more reflective of the 18 year old now :54 and this season than I have been for the last five years because I deviated so far from the values of the vision that I :00 had for my life now this is of course not true at every age I can't look back at Dan Moulton at seven dead :06 multiple seven wanted to be a backup dancer in the Spice Girls 100 True got my mum to call the travel agents to :14 figure out how much it would cost to fly to the UK you took action you're an action taker The Action preseason :21 already believe in my ability to figure it out but when we look at overall I'm gonna make that dream come true for you one day I promise please bring back the :29 reunion when we look over the our lives there is so much breadcrumbs as :34 to who the true version of us is yeah definitely so Evolution we think about it in terms of the self-creation but :40 it's almost the self-discovery of the person that was always there I think Michelangelo carved David is that is that who :47 did it was it Leonardo da Vinci one of the one of the greats right he carved David out of the Rock and he said David was always there I just had to chip away :54 everything that was not him and and I think the process of evolution is almost that that it's not as if you :59 and I are blank slates right now and we go who do we want to be there's a level of freedom to that but it's almost who have we always been that we've :07 been ignoring this whole time the idea for me building my business around creation now dude I grew up :14 playing music all I wanted to do was play music as an adult that was the only thing I dreamed of doing was music drama :20 Then I then I spent almost a decade of my life where the main part of what I did was speaking and creating messages :26 yeah and then I started an ads agency and I was just an ad accounts all day and then I built a team and I was just :32 in meetings all day there was no point where I was this is the version of Dan that I feel I'm supposed to be I just lost sight of that and it's it's :40 so tough that it takes really low moments for us to get there but whatever :45 it takes for us to get there it's almost less about imagining and it's more about remembering :52 it's more about remembering the person we've always been and coming back to that the the interesting one story :58 I told recently was the pervasive childhood memory for me was Lego :03 so I would get Lego and I would assemble it and I'd immediately disassemble it and then make it into lots of different :10 things that were my own creations and it's interesting I'd done the same thing in business right I'd immediately :16 learned something and then disassemble it and make it slightly mine to get a result from it and I still do that to :22 this day that that innate okay there's a pattern here there's a system to follow :28 but in the process of building that system I think I've seen a better way to do it I'm going to do it on my own and :35 again I ignored that or so many times where I overplayed that as as a :41 one-trick pony of being I'm just going to be a derivative of that and it is largely remembering that find something :48 stand on the shoulders of giants but then in a from a creative sense down on the shoulder of :54 Giants and then choose choose

## Components

### ```txt ## Defining the Sovereign Consultant **Summary

** This chunk defines the concept of a sovereign consultant, emphasizing intentionality in building a mechanism, identity, and operating world to achieve high leverage returns from a small, engaged audience. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The goal is building a million-dollar-per-year solo consultancy with 65 clients or less, working less than two days per week. This is achieved by intentionally building your mechanism, the identity people inhabit when they work with you, and the world you operate in. It's not about massive email lists or social media followers; it's about telling a compelling story to a small group. Intentionality is key to achieving high leverage returns from small audiences. You don't need huge lists, attention, or experience if you're intentional about these three categories. ## Client Acquisition Phases and Demonstrating Competence **Summary:** This chunk outlines the phases of client acquisition (lead, customer, client) and emphasizes the importance of demonstrating competence at each stage to efficiently gain clients and minimize sales pressure. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** This model is alpha-driven. A lead is someone you have the right to communicate with, a customer has transacted with you, and a client receives your dedicated time and resources. To obtain a client efficiently, demonstrate competence at each stage. While people can skip steps, a methodical sequence produces the best clients with the least sales pressure. Understanding intent and desire is crucial, and initiating a transaction is the fastest way to gauge intention. An offer-driven model provides a clear next step for prospects. ## The Client World Structure: Community and Consulting Levels **Summary:** This chunk details the tiered structure of the client world, including community and consulting levels, and explains how a seven-figure run rate can be achieved with just these two tiers. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The client world consists of a community level, a consulting level, and optionally, a mentorship level. The mentorship level isn't necessary for a seven-figure run rate. The community level provides a broad base, while the consulting level offers more intimate, high-access service. A menu of offerings allows for varied sales and delivery. For example, a sovereign community might cost $100 monthly with a $3,000 annual option, alongside other higher-priced group programs and consulting hours at a premium rate. ## Core Reasons People Buy Help and Focusing on One **Summary:** This chunk identifies the four core reasons people buy help (make more money, save money, stay legal, live a better life) and stresses the importance of focusing on just one core reason for business clarity and effective messaging. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** There are four core reasons people buy help: make more money, save money, stay legal, and live a better life. Focus on solving for only one core reason; all other benefits are secondary. Focusing on a single core helps refine messaging, offers, and target audience, leading to greater clarity and effectiveness. While secondary benefits can attract and retain clients, a clear core problem is essential. Losing sight of this core can lead to confused messaging and a diluted brand identity. ## Understanding the Client's Problem and Solution **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of understanding how the core problem manifests in clients' lives, their awareness of it, and their current solutions to effectively tailor your unique solution and messaging. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Understanding your core offering is crucial. Ask yourself: What problem are you solving? How does it show up in people's lives? Are they aware it exists? How are they currently trying to solve it? Connecting clients' pain to your solution is your job. Understanding their current solutions allows you to position your unique approach within a ready market. Confusion around your core offering will negatively impact your offer creation and marketing

### ```txt ## The Power of One

Building a $1M/Year Business with a Single Offer **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the simplicity of building a million-dollar online business using a single, well-crafted offer within the knowledge economy. He outlines the path, highlighting the importance of a tight, specific, and minimal offer-driven model. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The path is simple, though not easy: make a promise, define a process with unique mechanisms, create a plan, present the offer, and validate it with sales. This model allows for dynamic, fast iteration using tools Google Docs. Results happen in the marketplace, not from consuming ideas, so creating and testing offers is key. Validation means getting the offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. ## Fast and Stable Growth: Balancing Constraints and Flexibility **Summary:** James Kemp discusses the importance of stability for rapid growth, advocating for a balance between constraints and flexibility. He emphasizes the need for underlying principles and frames to navigate uncertainty and ensure results happen *for* you, not *to* you. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The most powerful systems are both fast and stable. To move fast, you need a mix of constraints and flexibility. While certainty is unattainable, having the right frameworks and principles allows you to capitalize on opportunities and solve underlying problems. The initial setup involves defining who you are, what you do, and your target audience. ## Market Selection and Sociological Branding: Prioritizing Your Energy **Summary:** Kemp explains the importance of market selection, advising to be close to money for greater financial success. He contrasts sociological branding (prioritizing your energy and desires) with psychological branding (catering to market demands). Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Your market choice significantly impacts your financial results. Being close to money—its creation, discovery, keeping, and transfer—increases earning potential. However, market selection should align with your desires, skills, and market permission. A sociological business prioritizes your energy and interests, attracting -minded individuals through natural polarization. This contrasts with psychological businesses that chase market demands, often becoming chameleons. ## Building Your Brand: Mechanism, Identity, and Transparency **Summary:** Kemp highlights the importance of a unique mechanism, a clear identity, targeted content, and transparency in building a compelling brand. He advises actively repelling those who aren't your ideal clients and focusing on total, honest communication. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Key elements for a successful brand include a unique mechanism, a defined client identity, content showcasing your past, present, and future, and clear messaging that repels those you don't serve. Transparency is crucial in a low-trust environment. Total, honest communication trumps polished copywriting; authenticity attracts the right people. ## Client Value and Power Laws: Maximizing Revenue and Retention **Summary:** Kemp introduces the concept of power laws in client relationships, emphasizing that not all clients are equal. He advocates for focusing on annualized client value and creating an ecosystem that allows clients to find their natural spending level. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Power laws dictate that a small percentage of clients contribute a large percentage of income. Ignoring this leads to diminishing returns and burnout. Focus on annualized client value and create an ecosystem with revenue buckets. This allows clients to naturally ascend to higher value tiers based on their needs and desires for access and speed. ## Cash Velocity and Revenue Volatility: Smoothing the Path to Growth **Summary:** Kemp stresses the importance of lowering revenue volatility to reduce emotional stress and improve business performance. He recommends reverse engineering from your financial goals and incorporating one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan

## How to Apply

only caters to one type of buying path.
The search for “the best” funnel is an endless one when the constraints are pre-determined.

