---
title: hybrid offer Framework - Complete Guide
type: frameworks
source_files: 1d5153d5ffa7b721  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: hybrid offer, framework, system, method
token_count: 20242
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.797748
---

# hybrid offer Framework - Complete Guide

# hybrid offer Framework

## Overview

** This chunk acknowledges the multidimensional nature of individuals but emphasizes the importance of sticking to the core message when communicating with clients to ensure clarity and effectiveness.

## Complete Framework

James Kemp: So we're ready for the 3 K. Code. James Kemp: some more than others. James Kemp: Welcome to our Hello to the Syndicate people again. Our normal Tuesday morning slot has been hijacked for James Kemp: me talking to a Google, Doc for James Kemp: about 40 min. James Kemp: and then tomorrow again, and then tomorrow. And then when we have a QA. So I've got 2 Q&A's together syndicate people on Thursday. James Kemp: after we wrap this up. So I'm James Kemp: we'll be adding James Kemp: and subtracting and customizing as we go along, and welcome to James Kemp: welcome to our guests. James Kemp: so James Kemp: to get into it, permission to start. James Kemp: gonna share my screen James Kemp: and go along. James Kemp: Voice is a way. But Karkey. James Kemp: after a bit of travel. James Kemp: I say, I want to start. James Kemp: Everyone can see my screen. Good. Everyone can hear me fine James Kemp: and members, and to get people. Let's go straight into the classroom this afternoon, after. I guess we will give it as James Kemp: a single replay our first, and then I'll edit it over the next couple of weeks, and you'll have access to that, too. James Kemp: along with all the resources. So anything I show you today you get access to. James Kemp: So the 3 K code white people buy. So today is all about, I'm going to give you context. But today is all about assembling, crafting, and delivering a high, converting hybrid offer James Kemp: and I want the theme of all of this. We need the theme of all of this to make it simple. James Kemp: because everybody James Kemp: fucks it up when they get complicated when they think they are an exception, or you're looking for reasons why. And most of those are James Kemp: emotional and getting in the way. James Kemp: Because the 3. The 3 code is meant to be a prescription. James Kemp: So when we assemble that as a formula. so I do give variables. James Kemp: and, in the Q. And A. Afterwards we will talk about your specific variables, and I teach you how to think along the journey. But results will flow from following the prescription. So my job's to give you the prescription. James Kemp: And this formula is designed to be tight and minimal. I do not spend a lot of time or much really, or paying lip service to mindset or blockers, or particular reasons why it won't work or or will work. James Kemp: It fails if you try and look for complexity or more. Okay. James Kemp: because your job is assemble tests learn in a record. and all results James Kemp: in business happen in the marketplace. It doesn't happen in the consumption of ideas. And we all love ideas. We all love insight. We all love learning new things and gaining new insights because we get that little hit, and it feels exciting. But most people get in their own way James Kemp: to prevent themselves getting in the game. All the mine stuff of why, it won't work for me, or I'm an exceptional these pieces, but I can give you the formula. James Kemp: but you must mix the potion and apply it. James Kemp: The most difficult thing about working with me is I break it down into the simple bits that people don't, because then it becomes unavoidable that you have to do something with it. James Kemp: So this is a a prescription and a formula. but it's up to you to apply it. So James Kemp: the system we use. And there's some essential stages of evolution as we go into a marketplace

“The Sovereign Consultant” book offer
Landing page with email opt-in and credit card checkout
Would you like this formatted as a downloadable PDF or Google Doc too?
You said:
Add these to it as well
Customer Funnel Continued
Low Ticket Offer (cont’d):
Get Clients in 24 Hours Without Getting on the Phone 234 coaches and consultants are using this method to sell $2,000–$25,000 offers without sales calls.
What you will learn:
✅ Step-by-step training on the 5 factors an offer must have to convert
✅ Behind-the-scenes breakdown of a Hybrid Offer that generated $290,000 in 60 days
✅ The exact template that sold a $15,000/year mastermind without a single call
✅ The "laws of pricing" and how breaking them will lower offer deal friction
✅ Bonus: Fill-in-the-blanks template to create your offer in minutes
Entry Price: $9 Guarantee: 100% Lifetime Guarantee – full refund within 3 days if not satisfied.

Bump Offer:
“Cash Campaign” Template Bundle
26 pages of proven copy/paste campaign scripts
Walkthrough video
Lifetime access
Complimentary with first purchase
Aim for 50% conversion
Upsell #1:
"The 3K Code + Social Code Workshop Bundle"
Inside, you’ll do what most consultants don’t do – work backwards to create your social game plan.
Bundle Value: $99 Outcome: If you implement both, you'll likely make $2,800 profit in the first month.
Purely designed to increase AOV
Keep it tight; don’t include too much
Aim for 20% conversion
Membership Offer:
“I Generate $250K+/mo Solo” — Special Invitation
Access to internal client-getting and fulfillment strategies: Ads, Templates, Pages, Scripts, Automations & more. Tailored for experts who want to run a lean, profitable online business.

Aim for 5–8% conversion
Sell via email using deadlines
Upsell #2 (again):
The Sovereign System™ Install
Includes:
Weekly private Zoom sessions
Frameworks for crafting hybrid offers
Swipe files
Community support

Implementation sprints
Bonus Office Hours
Downsell Offer:
The Hybrid Offer Workshop — $9 Trial
Full access to the training library and community 5 days for $9, cancel anytime
Results
“The immediate result of running a 2.0 funnel is you get leads, customers, and clients daily.”
Benefits:
Higher velocity of client acquisition

Future buyers and customers captured early
Faster cashflow and marketing scale
31% of email list are buyers
Higher conversion rates on future offers
Enhancing Lead Generation Efficiency
James discussed the inefficiencies of traditional lead generation systems, highlighting that only 1-5% of an audience typically converts to clients, resulting in significant waste. He emphasized the need for scalable and controlled systems to identify potential clients early and generate cash flow during growth. James also explained different client types, from those investing in long-term coaching to occasional buyers, and stressed the importance of adapting strategies to the evolving market. He concluded that while traditional lead generation methods still work, they are not sustainable for long-term growth and need to be improved for better efficiency and scalability.
Unified Funnel Strategy Integration
James discussed his work on integrating two distinct funnel approaches into a unified strategy. He explained how the dual-mode client generation system can use non-client buyers to fund marketing efforts while targeting high-quality prospects. James outlined two main buying types: one focused on consuming information and deriving insight, and another on purchasing and consuming information. He emphasized that both approaches have their advantages and can be used together to create a more effective funnel system. James also touched on the importance of understanding the context around offers, including what happens before and after the offer itself.
Marketing Strategies and Content Optimization
James discussed various marketing strategies, including hybrid offers, daily client machines, and video-based content. He emphasized the importance of using a style that is native to the presenter and highlighted the significance of the headline in driving conversions for big idea videos and VSLs. James also explained the concept of insight funnels, starting with high-tier offers and downselling if necessary, and discussed the effectiveness of different ad formats for low-ticket funnels. He concluded by explaining the DCM (Daily Client Machine) concept and the importance of presenting the same core ideas in different formats to appeal to different buying types.
Optimizing Low-Ticket Funnel Strategies

. If I generate leads, then therefore I should. James Kemp: This is deeply flawed because of the number of variables at each stage is. there's hundreds of posts, hundreds of ads. You can run hundreds of variables on the front ends James Kemp: that you need to find the one or 2 that works. James Kemp: So if you start with hundreds of variables, and then there's 20 different ways to sell it. Then you need to decipher all those variables, and most people fail James Kemp: because they're being sold to by marketers whose default choice is marketing. James Kemp: and the best way to head a goal is not to work towards it is to work backwards from it James Kemp: because working fords is chaotic because there's so many potential variables, there's hundreds of ways to market and lot of them work. There's hundreds of ways to sell and a lot of them work. James Kemp: But working backwards is methodical because it reduces the variables to only the ones that move you to the next stage. James Kemp: because over a long enough time period and everybody's tried that we all have both approaches, get you to the goal, but working backwards, gets you there faster and with more certainty. James Kemp: So we're going to do 3 things James Kemp: we're going to create and validate a threek offer by making 3 sales from a simple Google Doc. And that's what we're going to focus on today. James Kemp: We're going to create and sell a customer offer that converts 5% of its buyers into clients for you James Kemp: in that offer that we've just defined. James Kemp: Then we're going to automate the lead flow and the customer offer and Nsn. Customers into clients every week. James Kemp: So we go from making 3 K. And validating that to 3 KA week to 3 KA day. James Kemp: So we use 3 systems to do this. The hybrid offer James Kemp: which I'll talk about today, customers to clients and the daily client machine. James Kemp: The sequence is very, very, very, very important. because each of these systems solve for a specific stage. and we've got a master one before moving to the next one. James Kemp: and that's the right pace. James Kemp: Right? You may be at different stages, and everybody here is at different stages of the current offer of the marketing of the flow. James Kemp: But skipping steps is not speed. I constantly go back and reevaluate my offer based on feedback. James Kemp: One of the reasons that we use Google Docs is because it's dynamic, right? You can put it on the sales page. And those things later. Once you have something that converts at 30 to 40, James Kemp: but it's dynamic. I'm tweaking words. I'm tweaking, positioning all the time. James Kemp: so skipping steps is not speed. It sometimes feels it. I can just jump straight to marketing. I need more leads, so I can just jump jump to that. But it's just skipping steps. James Kemp: So mastery and the sequence compounds. The better your hybrid offer. The more clients you convert. the better your customers to client system, the more customers and clients you generate. and the better your daily client machine, the more leads turn into customers who turn into clients and and it compounds in action. James Kemp: Right? So the sequence is really really important. James Kemp: and syndicate folks know that I just bang on about offers all the time, because it's the big fulcrum. It's the big lever James Kemp: the better your offer the easier everything is the better your offer you don't need to do my selling at all. You just do some invitations the better. Offer the faster your marketing works out of the gate

. James Kemp: Right? So the sequence is really really important. James Kemp: and syndicate folks know that I just bang on about offers all the time, because it's the big fulcrum. It's the big lever James Kemp: the better your offer the easier everything is the better your offer you don't need to do my selling at all. You just do some invitations the better. Offer the faster your marketing works out of the gate. If you, if you're writing, marketing and messaging organically, or if you move to ads and then add start working, it doesn't add to just amplification of good content. But good content is created from good messaging, which is, which is created from good office. James Kemp: So I need you to understand the sequence, because the sequence is what delays most people because they work front to back, whereas we were back to front. James Kemp: So let's get into the hybrid offer. James Kemp: So traditional coaching and consulting sells one or more products at specific price points for durations. James Kemp: It's simple, but it's just easier than simple. That's why the majority use it right? So the hybrid addresses this by selling a rock across a range of prices and times with a single offer. James Kemp: Simplicity is having one offer. and you only need one offer. James Kemp: and there is a useful distinction between offers and products is really made. You need a lot of ways to make the offer. James Kemp: But you don't need many products, and you don't need many actual offers. So hybrid is a single offer with multiple products inside it. So we sign them up for an ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes and timelines along the duration. James Kemp: Before we get to that James Kemp: we've got to define. Why, people buy. And again, the more variables that you insert here, the longer it takes to get results. James Kemp: But there are 4 core reasons. People buy help James Kemp: to make more money to save money, to stay legal or live a better life. James Kemp:, and the majority of people that sit in the make more money all have a better life. buckets James Kemp: stay legal as compliance, and some of those and some of those are real blue oceans because people really need them., and save money is a different market altogether. But saving money can be a, a core benefit of people who often save people. Time James Kemp: you only solve for one core James Kemp: and all the other benefits that are are exactly that they are benefits. James Kemp: So there's a huge difference between these 2 businesses. You help business owners build systems free up time so they can make more money. You help business owners build systems to make more money, so they can have more time. James Kemp: Both businesses do the same thing. James Kemp: The functional things they do but are the same. Yet both companies will attract a very different type of customer. James Kemp: because one is seeking a better life. and it's in a different stage usually, and one is seeking more money. James Kemp: And if you offer both James Kemp: as your core benefit. Both you and your client will be confused. James Kemp: and we see this all the time. That direct, that getting away from the core and talking about all the benefits. James Kemp: confuses you and confuses the market. Right? So personally, I solve for making money. James Kemp: and the stem of that is from one of my core beliefs that true freedom is downstream from from financial freedom. James Kemp: So the core piece about me and my orientation towards the market is making money

---

## Examples & Case Studies

## The Power of a Singular Idea in Dual Modes It's more likely to be consumed than it is. If it's behind a paywall paid information has attention and attention advantage. If people pay, they tend to pay attention right? And so putting information and insight in front of people using both at the same time, is the force multiplier. And this, gets above that. What is the one funnel. There isn't 1 funnel. There is understanding the principles behind, a singular idea, being deployed and deploying it in different modes. So the Dcm 2.0 deploys both at the same time. and we create the same. We take the same idea and create 2 funnels. Each funnel leads to an offer. The client. Funnel uses an insight path. So consumption of information, and the customer funnel uses an info path. Purchasing and consuming information right? So as always, it's much simpler to show you rather than tell you so. One of the things that is the most challenging with offers right when we're making offers is what precedes the offer? What happens around the offer that you're making? And we, when we look at Google Docs, we often look at the the offer. That's inside the Google Doc. But we need to understand what's happened before that. And we also need to understand what's happened after it as well. That's my, both my zooms going off at once. So the client funnel works with both organic content and paid traffic right? So the top of the funnel we have content and pre-selling content is about 2 different things. It's about consistency and understanding that there's only really 3 content types that we're putting out there. So pre-selling content does exactly that. It pre- sells them on. What can happen next. So the content types are our mechanisms. I will talk about the hybrid offer. I will show how it works. I'll give different examples to it. I will talk about the daily client machine. I'll show how it works. I'll give different examples to it.

---

## Content Strategy & World Building This pre-sells people on the ideas that these things work and gives them insight that it might work for them right? And so the other top content types are, the identity I talk about the sovereign consultant. I talk about the sovereign components and and the process, and especially with video based content. You are showing those things as well rather than just telling right? So where are you? What is the background? What world are you in. What's your philosophy? Who's around you? What is the day in the life, what is behind the scenes? Who are the characters? If you're on a refresher on those things, then it's in the authority training in the, in the membership. So the world building is., the things around you, and though they can be, stories, I do, stop marketing, start demonstrating as me, just talking about my experience and pointing something out and giving inside philosophy online coaching is dead. But there's lots of things that are more mechanistic here as well. That content, if we're doing it from a content way, then funnels them to a big idea. Video. And this is for all intents and purposes of Vsl. I don't call it a Vsl, because I have found. There's no actual formula that applies to each individual. There are particular formulas that apply to certain categories. If you're just selling coaching, there's a particular formula for that. If you're just selling agency, there's a particular formula for a Vsl that works really well, and a lot of those Vsls to be honest work very well in call funnels, but less well in insight funnels. So I frame my, big idea as a demo.

---

---

## Ad Creatives & Audiences The other thing that I've tested with some results, even though it's It's a little bit all over the place, in terms of which ones work. And what creative work is, I've taken, opus clip, or one of those, clip chopping services, and use the shorts from the product. So the hybrid offer, for example, has . a 2 h long workshop with it. I chuck it in into the into the tool. I get the shorts back, and I use some of the shorts as ads. Most of them are wildly out of context because they're from the middle of a training. But some of them also get traction and work to convert, and purchases audiences go big, run, run a big, open audience for the countries that you that you want to target run interests and run warm as well for landing page viewers, for viewers and followers, etc. having those 3 there, you will dial in with the different content types and and find it increasingly. It's a creative game rather than audience game. Once you find the audiences that work, you feed them, very good amounts of creative, probably these days assisted with AI creative in terms of, that does what it says on the tin imagery. And the low ticket offers. So the concept of the Dcm. too, came from me going? Well, I've got a product. I've got a video that says, the same stuff. It's the same ideas. It's the same, it's the same original Google Doc, that started the book that then I can then talk to. The other thing that I've tested with some results, even though it's It's a little bit all over the place, in terms of which ones work. And what creative work is, I've taken, opus clip, or one of those, clip chopping services, and use the shorts from the product. So the hybrid offer, for example, has . a 2 h long workshop with it. I chuck it in into the into the tool. I get the shorts back, and I use some of the shorts as ads. Most of them are wildly out of context because they're from the middle of a training. But some of them also get traction and work to convert, and purchases audiences go big, run, run a big, open audience for the countries that you that you want to target run interests and run warm as well for landing page viewers, for viewers and followers, etc. having those 3 there, you will dial in with the different content types and and find it increasingly. It's a creative game rather than audience game. Once you find the audiences that work, you feed them, very good amounts of creative, probably these days assisted with AI creative in terms of, that does what it says on the tin imagery. And the low ticket offers. So the concept of the Dcm. too, came from me going? Well, I've got a product. I've got a video that says, the same stuff. It's the same ideas. It's the same, it's the same original Google Doc, that started the book that then I can then talk to.

---

---

## Repurposing Content for Different Buying Types Why don't I just present them in 2 different ways to for 2 different buying types. So it's fair to say that the big idea video is just the book in video form in terms of consumption. And that's why the the core of the funnel. The same idea can be present in both places. People are just going to consume it in different ways. One way is, the free path. They're going to watch a video. And another way is them investing and buying. the media that goes with it. So within that we've also got sub products. the the hybrid offer for me and and the trainings that the training that goes in there in the template has worked particularly well in the top of funnel. The components that need to be there are pretty straightforward again the headline drives, most of the activity. And then, as we've gone along, we've called out different people, coaches, consultants, agency owners who sell high ticket services. Give it some credibility exactly what's in it. Give it a guarantee, give it an FAQ. Put some testimonials on the page, but that's only after we've proven the market wants it. and, as I always say, use an asset. You've already got to deploy into a low ticket funnel. The one of the major mistakes are giving too much in the front end. what's the rule of one. It's clear they get one valuable thing from the purchase for me. It's clear that they get a template that they can use immediately, even if they're not using it. They have a tool in their toolkit that they that they get access to immediately that they can see how someone else is doing it.

---

## ## Low-Ticket Offer Strategy Templates Pdfs Books

## Low-Ticket Offer Strategy Templates Pdfs books. They work, in the one to $10 range bundles of trainings or bundles of templates, or, or, bundling multiple things together. 15 to $30. Live workshops perform particularly well. especially if you've got somewhat of a warm audience, 25 to 100 based on your marketplace. And you're aiming for, an 8% front end. Conversion off that page. That's a that's a rule of thumb. Again, it depends on the economics, because the goal of an info funnel is always to get the advertising dollars back as much as you can. The the nice thing about this funnel and as a lot of people have found is that you can have multiple front end offers and then run everything else the same. So I have the same bump across all my front end, low ticket products the Cash campaign. It's complementary to the 1st purchase they make. So it converts very well that converts at over 70% at the moment. So you're aiming for a 50% conversion of the bump. My bump is $29, so it needs to convert at least over 50%. Some people have got good success with a., a $39 bump, and of course you need slightly. You don't need quite as much conversion to make that work. I'vealways found that bumps order bumps work best in the 24 to $29 range. Again, relative to the market.

---

## Implementation Steps

## Upsells and Membership Offers The upsell. Take something you've already got and sell it to them. The upsell purely exists to raise the average order value right? So I sell the 3 K code and the social code for $99. That's a big old bundle of training. There's something close to 6 h of stuff in there. To consume. So it's a big old chunk. I think there's a there's a reasonable hypothesis that slows down the purchase of people consume it. And so if you notice that you're you're getting a lot of upsell sales, but you're not getting a lot lot of back in sales, then your upsell might be, in the this is too good category. I've found that $99 works again. I've I've used upsells that, work at 1 99 as well, just just equally there. It purely exists to, increase average order value. Don't include too much stuff, don't include a 52 video course in there, as it will slow down the whole purchasing cycle. And you want 20% of people to convert it to convert into it. We can go here straight to a membership offer. We've got a customer there in motion. They're buying information. Let's make a hypothesis that they want more information. So I go straight to a membership coming in at 8, $50 a week, and then they they can come in at $50 a week. Try it out, cancel any time if they it. They stay. We're aiming for a 20% retention rate off the membership. We don't expect., many people to stay whatsoever, but it gets us customers, and ultimately we can upgrade those customers in the future., and once someone's in motion, and once someone's buying, we want to know what they're going to buy next. So, the obvious upsell for me past the membership is buying the syndicate, getting access to me. Excuse me. One thing that they tested early on that that has worked extremely well is that when I'm delivering the product that they've bought, when they've bought the hybrid offer workshop. They've gone through the funnel. If they haven't bought the membership. Then by the time they get to the training I'm offering them a trial. So I'm offering, and quite a few people here joined via that trial. So I've just got a passive call to action around the. And I've given you this template as well around the training that allows people to, join the trial. If they are consuming the training, they the training. Then saying. Hey, get more of this. That's a very. Congruent place to put it where they can trial the membership as they're consuming the product. The upsell. Take something you've already got and sell it to them. The upsell purely exists to raise the average order value right? So I sell the 3 K code and the social code for $99. That's a big old bundle of training. There's something close to 6 h of stuff in there. To consume. So it's a big old chunk. I think there's a there's a reasonable hypothesis that slows down the purchase of people consume it. And so if you notice that you're you're getting a lot of upsell sales, but you're not getting a lot lot of back in sales, then your upsell might be, in the this is too good category. I've found that $99 works again. I've I've used upsells that, work at 1 99 as well, just just equally there. It purely exists to, increase average order value. Don't include too much stuff, don't include a 52 video course in there, as it will slow down the whole purchasing cycle

. I've found that $99 works again. I've I've used upsells that, work at 1 99 as well, just just equally there. It purely exists to, increase average order value. Don't include too much stuff, don't include a 52 video course in there, as it will slow down the whole purchasing cycle. And you want 20% of people to convert it to convert into it. We can go here straight to a membership offer. We've got a customer there in motion. They're buying information. Let's make a hypothesis that they want more information. So I go straight to a membership coming in at 8, $50 a week, and then they they can come in at $50 a week. Try it out, cancel any time if they it. They stay. We're aiming for a 20% retention rate off the membership. We don't expect., many people to stay whatsoever, but it gets us customers, and ultimately we can upgrade those customers in the future., and once someone's in motion, and once someone's buying, we want to know what they're going to buy next. So, the obvious upsell for me past the membership is buying the syndicate, getting access to me. Excuse me. One thing that they tested early on that that has worked extremely well is that when I'm delivering the product that they've bought, when they've bought the hybrid offer workshop. They've gone through the funnel. If they haven't bought the membership. Then by the time they get to the training I'm offering them a trial. So I'm offering, and quite a few people here joined via that trial. So I've just got a passive call to action around the. And I've given you this template as well around the training that allows people to, join the trial. If they are consuming the training, they the training. Then saying. Hey, get more of this. That's a very. Congruent place to put it where they can trial the membership as they're consuming the product.

. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Understanding your core offering is crucial. Ask yourself: What problem are you solving? How does it show up in people's lives? Are they aware it exists? How are they currently trying to solve it? Connecting clients' pain to your solution is your job. Understanding their current solutions allows you to position your unique approach within a ready market. Confusion around your core offering will negatively impact your offer creation and marketing. ## Staying True to Your Core Message While Being Multidimensional **Summary:** This chunk acknowledges the multidimensional nature of individuals but emphasizes the importance of sticking to the core message when communicating with clients to ensure clarity and effectiveness. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** You are multidimensional, but your business messaging should remain focused on your core offering. While clients can see your other facets, sticking to the core makes your message cut through the noise. Secondary benefits can enhance your offering, but the core problem you solve should be the central focus of your communication. ## The Two-Tier Client Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk prescribes a two-tier client offer structure (community and consulting/coaching) with specific pricing and client numbers to achieve an $83,000 monthly run rate. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A two-tier client offer structure can generate a million-dollar run rate. Tier two consists of 15 clients paying $600 per week, while tier one includes 50 clients paying $150 per week. This structure, combined with a $100-$150 entry-level customer offer, can generate over $83,000 in monthly recurring revenue, requiring only 1.25 new client sign-ups per week. Only 4% of customer offer buyers need to convert to clients to hit these numbers. ## Pricing Strategy: Maximizing Conversions and Economics **Summary:** This chunk discusses the tension between maximizing conversions and economics in pricing, recommending specific price points for community and consulting offers to optimize both. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Pricing should maximize both conversions and economics, which are often at odds. A recommended strategy is a $100-$200 weekly community offer with a $3,000 annual option, and consulting offers between $300 and $600. This pricing structure works across various markets. The $3,000 annual option provides higher upfront value and commitment, capturing more value than shorter-term, lower-priced options. ## The Hybrid Offer: Combining Community and Consulting **Summary:** This chunk introduces the concept of a hybrid offer, combining multiple products (community and consulting) into a single offer with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** A hybrid offer combines multiple products within a single offer. For example, a $100 weekly community and a $450 weekly consulting product can be combined into one hybrid offer. This offer includes clear promises, outcomes, and timelines, unlike individual products, which primarily serve as containers for your services. This model allows clients to choose their level of access and speed of results. ## Selling the Hybrid Offer and Ongoing Commitment **Summary:** This chunk explains how the hybrid offer facilitates client acquisition by offering an ongoing commitment and allowing clients to choose their desired level of access and speed of results. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells an ongoing commitment, not fixed durations. Clients can choose higher levels of access (consulting or mentorship) while receiving everything in the base community tier. The key is a product that offers higher client value beyond the community level. This allows clients to control their access and the speed of their results, with greater access generally leading to faster results. ## The Nuance of Selling the Hybrid Offer and Maximizing Value **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of a clear plan within the offer, outlining the promise, plan, pricing, and ROI to maximize value and resonate with prospects. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant

you can't go straight from broke to meaning you have to make money right you can't be trying to pay the bills and also trying to impact the world it doesn't work you have to so anyway all that it say things happen in sequence so if we're talking about the foundational things and let's talk about someone's first offer yeah because either they're at 10K a month and they only have one offer and it sucks and it's not scalable or it's not attractive or you're at 50k a month and you've been in the game for a while and you've got 17 offers if someone was to come to you and they're going I want to get to 100K a month in a way that's profitable in a way that scales in a way that I but that clients get results all those things what would be that main offer because it might be we can get into the multiple offers you might have an offer stack or a hybrid offer to get to 100K month but what would be that main offer that you would encourage the average person to build out to lay that Foundation to build a seven figure business so the average person everyone needs momentum but the average person needs momentum the most and the thing that gets the most momentum in an offer is around the refining the promise or refining what gets done what's the outcome of going to be that so if you're if you're selling money which is getting someone to 100K a month Etc you need to say that's our goal and that's what we're going to do M if you're selling time then or you're selling better life then you need to be exquisitly clear about how you articulate what the outcome is on the other side because as soon as you can inject the frame of what's going to happen when that person with that person over the next weeks months maybe year then your offer becomes a lot easier to buy because I think we've both said this recently most people have enough leads if you're at if you're at 10K a month you have enough leads to get to 30k a month you just need a refinement around the promise and what you're doing and in many cases it's refining it down to something making small promises that are much easier to keep rather than making bigger and having promise inflation so I always look around what gets done here in the offer what what are they what are they promising you know and metaphorically in terms of sometimes the literal promise I will get you there we can talk about guarantees but I will get you there and this is where we're going and refining that round so it's much more clear so they they see a bump in conversions because most people have enough leads and if you get the promise right then those leads are more likely to convert and it's much more binary well the promise is interesting because I think people often think that the promise is the deliverables right and Promise vs Guarantee they conflate it with a guarantee which is not the same thing of course so my first coaching offer was 1 hour a week for I don't even think I had a minimum I think it was just 1 hour a week and this is the monthly price and it was if anyone interested it was 600 us a month so it was $150 per hour and that was up from the $13 an hour I was getting paid I was I'm rich right but I had no promise I was just we will meet every week for an hour and I will teach you these things and I didn't even have a lovely system it was more oh you're a real estate agent I'll help you get more listings but again the emphasis was on the deliverables and so the best I would argue you did have a promise and my and my lexicon of promises because you you were promising time and attention in a in a predictable amount you were say I will spend an hour a week with you right right so that's a promise yeah of course it's it's not a promise

this is a bad one this is a survival need and this is a vitamin every person has those unique things even in different seasons so I remember being burnt out of my mind when we got to 100K a month in our agency and I spent weeks reading books on Sops team operations I hired Alex shaen to help me figure out meetings and culture I couldn't have cared less at six figures about that stuff I didn't even know that was a thing I didn't even I didn't even know what sop meant right and so it just goes to show that through each evolution of my business the survival needs changed so I I think having a dream outcome that's based on a survival need and is believable I think is the really important thing and then making sure that you're not overemphasizing the mechanics the plane trip the seat the air conditioning on the plane but really majoring on that Maui yeah yeah yeah I think I I'm a big proponent of a hybrid offer where you're you're selling once and you're you're selling people into multiple tiers but you're selling them over a long period of time but I still subscribe to the fact of there is a there is a painkiller in the first 8 to 16 weeks of of the engagement in that offer even if you're going to work together for 12 months and the dream outcome is is there you you're still talking about in your Lexicon which I is that that pain killer in the next we're going to remove the biggest pains in your life or your business or your body or whatever it is over the next 8 to 16 weeks and these are the steps we're going to take because that's the that's what they're buying into they're buying into that immediate relief they're buying into that what happens now yeah it's great I'm bought into the the big thing yeah but they're buying into the immediate relief that's what they say yes to that's what they commit to that's what they invest against and then you got to keep them on the track to get the the dream AR here's the key i' be intered to know what you The Dream Outcome think on a practical level so someone's trying to figure out the dream outcome this is this is how I do it yeah you can sit there and brainstorm and dream and open up the journal as much as you want and you might come up with some cool things I just go ask people it's crazy yeah yeah right so it's so so what's really important about this is that people can over complicate this and go but what's my what's the dream outcome I your promise it's firstly you're not the target market this is not for you it's for them that's critical that but right and so it's not what are you most excited about it's what are they most excited about and this is where it comes down to obviously we didn't talk about it but you got to find a person you're passionate about helping and build a business around that person rather than having 27 different possible prospects find a dream Prospect but one of the things I do this is when I I'm launching a lead magnet I'm launching a new offer I'm trying to find an angle I'm trying to find a promise is I just ask people so one of the things that I was exploring three years ago is I was I wonder if I create a program that's around making money but it's around becoming a top 1% coach and that idea lasted for 20 minutes when I DM 10 people and I said hey what do you think of the idea of becoming a top 1% coach and they're lame don't it doesn't connect I was perfect right I was messaging clients and Prospects and anyone else and so when I come with the lead magnet I might come up with three possible lead magnets and then I DM people or I run a poll on my Instagram or I post it on my Facebook Facebook and I say which out of these three

. James Kemp: It's healthy to. It's healthy to follow urine. I'm, I know, the book works and things haven't magically changed. So we're gonna we're just gonna put it on the shelf for a bit and then come back to it. James Kemp: And then, when the algorithm, gives you the gift James Kemp: and it works in the 1st few days, then it keeps going, and then you can feed it with creative. James Kemp: But it needs to. It needs something needs to happen in the 1st 72 h. James Kemp: Otherwise you just may as well pull it all down and start again. Adam Franklin: Right? Okay, so don't keep persevering. If there's not much traction in those 1st 3 days. James Kemp: Yeah, yeah, just give it a rest. Come back with maybe some different angles and different creative. James Kemp: . And and I'm talking about offers that you that, work or should work, and. Adam Franklin: Has it worked with your list? James Kemp: They've worked before, or someone else has got them working right. James Kemp: there are. There's an offer out there that's yours. James Kemp:, with a slightly different twist on it that, and it's been running for a long time, and you go and look, and that the ads are months old or those things. And you're, Okay, I can get that working. James Kemp: You're just looking for the angle James Kemp: mine. The hybrid offer especially needed James Kemp: needed a frame of who it was, for before it would really James Kemp: catch right? It was working. James Kemp: but I didn't have the. This is for these people. This is for coaches is for consultants is for agency, and as soon as that was in the, in the copy and in the framing. Then the cost per the cost per acquisition dropped a lot and the the funnel was working. It's just the the acquisition was a little bit too high to go too far James Kemp: while while the while the actual funnel is working. So it just need a little frame of who it's for. Adam Franklin: And so that's where you landed on coach consultant agency owner. James Kemp: Yeah. Adam Franklin: Okay. James Kemp: You were James Kemp: You are going to spend money testing. Adam Franklin: Yeah. James Kemp: Right. Adam Franklin: And what's a reasonable amount if something looks at 50 bucks a day? Is that a reasonable amount in your experience, or should it be higher or lower. James Kemp: I think you could. James Kemp: I start with $500, but I can do that right. I don't think that thinking in a daily in a daily James Kemp: way is particularly healthy because it's arbitrary. James Kemp: I I the frame of. James Kemp: If I set this $2,000 on fire, would it materially affect me? James Kemp: And if the answer is no, then that's how much you should spend on testing your funnel. Adam Franklin: Got it over. What timeframe would you say so? It's say it's an arbitrary $1,000 or $2,000 that you're prepared to test. James Kemp: Yeah, I'm gonna spend. I'm gonna spend 3 weeks doing this. I'm going to spend $2,000. And then at the end, I'm going to see what happens. I would have learned something. I would have looked at everything along the way. Adam Franklin: Okay. And that's something that you tend to do yourself. Or do you have a agency or a partner that that looks over. James Kemp: I'll always get a funnel going myself

## Q&A: Workshopping a Product Idea (DCM) James Kemp: Hi, Tom. Tom Rolley: Hey, James, how's it going. James Kemp: Good. Tom Rolley: I was wondering if we could workshop a potential product through the Dcm Tom Rolley: and just see how you'd approach that. So the, it's a workshop recording. It was called Map your custom journey, and the purpose was to identify the constraint in the business so that they would know which thing to fix Tom Rolley: so yeah, just wondering how you'd approach that from A from this? Dcm, where do I? Where do I start? What do I build. How do I? How do I look at it to get it up? And running. James Kemp: So the consumption of products is generally based on the the need that the person believes they have. James Kemp: So the consumption of products is generally based on the the need that the person believes they have. James Kemp: So do does the target market know what a customer journey is. Tom Rolley: Oh, gee, maybe. But probably not Tom Rolley: they. Yeah, I'm guessing they probably they're probably just overwhelmed with the amount of stuff going on in their business, and they probably wouldn't recognize that those words. James Kemp: So in the in the realm of the customer. What's the primary problem that they want solved today? Tom Rolley: I think, they're probably they're they're looking for either, increased profits or increased revenue. And then they're not sure what they're trying lots of things, but nothing much is working. And they're just unsure about what even the problem is is most likely. James Kemp: Exactly. James Kemp: That market category isn't good for info products. They're good for insight. James Kemp: Right? Once you catch their attention, you can, show how how to work those things out. And how do you get your top 3 priorities and get them a plan? James Kemp: But they're not good, for info James Kemp: info is good for people who already have James Kemp: something that they feel they need to solve. They're just looking for the the mechanism to do it. Tom Rolley: Okay. So hence, if they don't know what a customer journey is, then it doesn't make any sense for them to to. James Kemp: So the way to frame a customer related journey thing is how to get. James Kemp: how to get the the template, to send to your customers today to get 81% back into your business in the next 30 days. Right? James Kemp: Because they've the the repeat business. The instant. Repeat business, template. James Kemp: how to send this, get clients. James Kemp: get money, etc. It's easy. It's, Okay. James Kemp: I want more repeat business. So I'm going to buy this, so I can use it straight away. Tom Rolley: Okay? And and that's the insight one rather than the. James Kemp: That's an info . Tom Rolley: That's the info. Okay, cool. James Kemp: With with the hybrid offer. I'm saying to people, you're selling an expensive thing on the telephone right now take this template. Put the thing you're selling into into this and sell it without the call. James Kemp: And they're, because they're they've got the thing they've got the offer. James Kemp: and they've got. They're they're running a process that they don't . James Kemp: They're doing sales calls. Tom Rolley: Okay, so where do I take that for the for this customer journey thing, should I just Tom Rolley: throw it in the bin. James Kemp: Element of the customer journey

next 12 months to to achieve the dream and and then sticking to that and then being Dynamic within it to to change the order and sequence if you need to yeah we're always responsive to clients right yeah we talk about what you're making for your guys and I'm making for my guys all the time it's I feel in my Waters that they need a bit more jumping on a community call being so I saw James km say this and I'm mother no kidding but it's is so funny with business models and stuff that so so how I did it this year so this year was a reset for both of us we could do 10 podcasts about the hilarious journey of our our stories and you were selling software 5 minutes ago and not even doing consulting what I did is I did one: one first yeah and then I capped out a one to one and I'm a huge fan of telling people to at least start with something CU it is easy to sell yeah much easier when you say I'm giving you my time I'm holding your hand we're in the trenches together much EAS easier to sell than saying here's a course login all the best right it's it's easier to sell now especially when people have gone through courses and programs where they didn't get results for yes and the straight out we came out of the gate saying a similar thing which is you've done the courses you've done the programs and all you want is someone to help you assemble the good stuff yes so so what I did is it was one to one and then I filled that up and The Hybrid Offer then I was I can either just get more Ono one clients which was not appealing I could either just charge more which was appealing in the sense that I didn't want to move those 30 clients through a price increase and all that stuff and so all I did was create a community version of that and the community visual that if we just get it visual here okay so how you and I teach this right I think you call it the hybrid offer I don't have a name for it but there's one to one and the one to one that I sold was there's no curriculum so you're just getting my time there was no I think we had a slack Channel and then I built out the community and the community was half the price no one to one with me one call a week and a now a school group right so let's just say it's 1500 a month for community and 3,000 a month for one: one what's really beautiful about this particular stack is the one: one does not have a CPR group it does not have C curriculum it doesn't have separate group calls they have all the same group calls so we've got content coaching and community and this and then all that's happening is some people pay more for time with us crazy and this is what I is again it's so subjective so many ways to make money so many ways to get to 100K a month but I would say is the best way yeah yeah but but I would say what I would do is you fill your cup with onetoone clients you get insanely good at what you do controversial right I know you get you really good at what you do you charge a premium for it because you're selling a time and then you can bolt on a community you can do it either or but what I would say is if you start with a community you're not getting the rips in when it comes to Fig the the feedback loop is too long if if you got someone 10 people in a community it's harder to know how many people are winning and what they're struggling with if the only checkpoints you have is this person comes to a community call every 3 weeks right there's no oneto one chicken so I really starting one to one and going to group but here's what I would say that's where I would cap out to go to 100K a month is that you don't then

> "I want your support in getting offers pumping out cash without me having to crank the handle myself. Our goal is building a $3k offer that you take to $3k per week clockwork."
 The plan: 
> "We will install the sovereign system, talk about the client offer, customer offers, and then install the daily client machine."
 The promise, the plan, and the phases. This offer lives and dies on this page. Everything else is logistics. Price is relevant to value. $100/week. What's the risk? Weekly frame, come in, can leave. I choose no guarantees, promises, or refunds. Guarantees are a product of trust perception. The more track record you have, the less you need a guarantee. ## Maximizing Community Economics and the Hybrid Offer Approach **Summary:** James discusses strategies for maximizing community revenue, including offering annual payments with bonuses and utilizing the hybrid offer model to present multiple tiers without confusing potential clients. Video Source:* 100k community.txt **Content:** We use the $100/week as a hook. Getting payment upfront is preferable. The average $100/week person stays 15-18 weeks, worth $1500-$1800. If we get $3000 upfront, we get cash upfront and they're more committed. I have a $3900 annual offer with a one-on-one call. This converts at 30%. To maximize conversions, I'd offer it at $2500-$3000. Offering $2500 annually is over a 50% discount. We use pricing to incentivize and collect cash. The hybrid offer sells the first tier without harming conversion to the client offer. 
> "You're receiving regular workshops and 24/7 access. Beyond that, have an option for my personal help. Members can upgrade or I can build you a custom plan to take an offer from $3k to $3k/week to $3k/day."
 The language is unforceful. 
> "Maybe don't select this unless you really want it. It's likely you get all the support you need. If you want higher-level access, this could be for you."
 Community benefits: 
> "As a member, you get access to every recording and training."

- ```txt ## Crafting a Compelling Offer **Summary:** This chunk discusses the importance of a strong offer, working backward from the desired outcome, and the core components of an offer-driven model. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Welcome! Today, we'll focus on constructing your daily client machine—how to generate leads hourly, customers daily, and clients weekly. It's critical to attack things in the right order: offer, then sales, then marketing. The best way to hit a goal is to work backward from it. Create and validate an offer, make three sales with a Google Doc, create a customer offer that converts 5% of buyers into clients, and then automate lead flow, customer offers, and ascend customers into clients weekly. This system creates leads and customers, engages with customers to understand their intent, and captures those who don't display immediate intent for future conversion. The two key components are your big idea and your customer offer. The process is: lead magnet (capture and opt-in), customer offer ($100 digital product), and client offer. The big idea is a product of your client and customer offers, a frame that catches attention, creates curiosity, and establishes authority. ## Big Ideas and Customer Offers **Summary:** This chunk explores different frames for creating a big idea, including swiping, next steps, automation, and identity. It also discusses the customer offer and its role in converting leads. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Many big ideas become so successful they become the brand. Consider these frames: swiping (copy my success), next steps (your first client), automation (automatic clients), and identity (the sovereign consultant). Big ideas often have utility across multiple products (books, courses, consulting). My big idea, "selling from a Google Doc," led to a daily client machine that generates 5-10 leads daily and 1-2 product sales, doubling with simple ads. Put your big idea everywhere—social media profiles, ads. The customer offer turns leads into customers. Ideal components include training, templates, a live workshop, and a call. ## Offer Creation and Validation **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer creation, validation through market feedback, and the key principles of promise, process, and plan. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The path to a million-dollar business is simple, not easy: promise, process, mechanisms, plan, validation, sales, scale, automation. The hybrid offer is key, a single offer with multiple products. Four reasons people buy help: make money, save money, stay legal, live a better life. Focus on one core reason; everything else is a benefit. Understand the problem/desire you're solving. Validation is getting your offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. Use the community for feedback based on real data. ## Hybrid Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk explains the hybrid offer, its advantages over traditional consulting, and provides specific pricing recommendations for community offers, consulting offers, and customer offers. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer, containing multiple products. It includes a 12-month ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Pricing examples: Community offers ($100-200/week, $3,000 annual), consulting offers ($300-600/week), customer offers ($100). This pricing maximizes conversions and economics, making it easy to get started and upgrade. ## Offer Construction Principles **Summary:** This chunk details the three core principles of offer construction: promise, process, and plan. It stresses the importance of clarity, future pacing, and avoiding information overload. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** Three principles: promise (what gets done), process (how it works), plan (how it rolls out)

. This allows clients to naturally ascend to higher value tiers based on their needs and desires for access and speed. ## Cash Velocity and Revenue Volatility: Smoothing the Path to Growth **Summary:** Kemp stresses the importance of lowering revenue volatility to reduce emotional stress and improve business performance. He recommends reverse engineering from your financial goals and incorporating one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Recurring revenue businesses are robust, but recurring revenue doesn't always arrive as expected. Lowering revenue volatility reduces emotional stress and improves operational efficiency. Reverse engineer from your financial goals and use one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. This allows for a sustainable pace and smoother growth. ## Offer Creation and Validation: The Hybrid Offer and Client Feedback **Summary:** Kemp explains the hybrid offer model, which involves a single offer with multiple products at varying price points and durations. He emphasizes the importance of a clear promise, process, and plan, and using client feedback to refine the offer. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer. Focus on a clear promise, process, and plan, allowing prospects to envision their future. Prioritize clarity over complexity; many offers fail due to being indigestible. Validate your offer by getting it in front of 10 people and aiming for 3 sales. Use feedback, especially from those who say "no," to refine your offer. In early stages, a "no" is valuable data. ## Leveraging Existing Assets and Networks for Offer Validation **Summary:** Kemp encourages leveraging existing networks and assets for initial offer validation, emphasizing that an audience and a network are the same in the early stages. He advises testing the offer with a simple message and listening intently to prospect feedback. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** For offer validation, leverage your existing network: past clients, email lists, social media connections, current leads, partners, and personal contacts. Test your offer with a simple message, focusing on the promise and making it easy to get started. This is a listening exercise; gather data on how people respond. "Ghosting" often indicates a lack of clarity in the offer. ## Refining Your Offer: Clarity, Brevity, and Context through Content **Summary:** Kemp advises focusing offers on the client's transformation, not your own story. He stresses the importance of brevity and clarity, using content to provide context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Offers should focus on the client's transformation, not your past achievements. Brevity and clarity are key; the offer is a bridge to their future state. Use content to build context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. By the time they reach the offer, they should already believe you can solve their problem. Focus on the promise and what happens *to them*. ## Creating Compelling Offers: Empathy, Tangibility, and Relief **Summary:** Kemp emphasizes empathy in understanding client desires, highlighting the importance of selling an experience and articulating a tangible, better tomorrow. He advises focusing on selling relief and making the offer a bridge to that relief. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Empathy is crucial for understanding client desires. Sell an experience, not just features. Make the offer tangible by describing the physical experience of the desired outcome or the removal of the problem. Focus on selling relief—a better tomorrow—and make the offer a clear path to that relief. Tangibility and a clear vision make offers easy to sell. ## Offer Distinction and Positioning: Standing Out in Competitive Markets **Summary:** Kemp discusses the importance of offer distinction in competitive markets, suggesting focusing on being the easiest option if you can't be the best

. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So if we have ways and lenses to look at maximizing client value, then the clients will settle in their natural place relative to all the different factors, and timing is a huge one as well. Right, desire to pay, levels of access, how much they value proximity to you or your team, or whatever your setup is, and how fast they ultimately want to go. So I've started looking at client relationships in the, in the, not in terms of interpersonal relationships, but in terms of value based relationships where a value transfer happens between information and access and money through the lens of annualized value. So that allows us to create an ecosystem. When, after we make the first sale, we put the effort into making it easy to start and easy to get going. Then the client can find their natural place in our ecosystem because we've built it in such a way. So we can do this by conceptualizing revenue buckets that clients can fit into in the process, and that makes filling up these buckets natural. Do not, I think my drawings getting worse, not better. I think, I think I need to take some iPad pills or something, but do not get hung up on the numbers, understand it as a concept, right? And so when we're looking at, when we're looking at revenue buckets, the earlier you are in the journey, and I've put, I've put constraints on this in terms of bounds of a million, 3 million, 6 million. The earlier you are on the journey, the narrower and smaller you want those individual buckets. So we start from, if you're looking at on a scale in the middle. So we have a small number of buckets that we fill up with ultimately with clients. We can do that with a singular offer. We can do that with the hybrid offer plus a couple of things that I'm going to talk about to ultimately fill up those buckets to keep it simple. The, the larger the business and the larger your goals and the larger the scale you achieve, the more you have to expand those buckets. Right? I'm now exploring the outer bounds of this concept where I have clients who, who are exceeding a hundred thousand dollars annualized value, and I am being forced to come up with ways to serve them and the desires and the problems they have. Right? So that is client driven.

right? That is client driven by solving 20 problems along the way to get there. So they had that problem, and then they are now stretching the annualized value that, that they can ultimately achieve, and I can ultimately capture. So the earlier you are in the journey, the less buckets you want, and the smaller and the more concentrated those buckets are because you just want to fill them up. So one or two tiers is, is ultimately optimal, and I'm going to give you examples in a minute to, to show how this plays out in the, in real, the hybrid. Does that, right? So simplicity scales, and the less offers you have, the more that the offer has space to be optimized. ## Growth vs. Scale on the Path to $1 Million **Summary:** On the path to a million-dollar business, prioritize growth through experimentation and iteration. Once you have a proven offer with a high conversion rate, shift to a scale phase focused on volume. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** I've talked again a lot about the difference between growth and scale. On the road to a million dollars a year, which everybody is capable of, then you are spending much more time in growth than scale. Growth is, the metaphor is throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks, right? That is how optimization happens. It happens through experiments and action and repeated actions and reps, right? In a growth phase, you never stop moving because you're always learning and iterating and trying to remove the pieces that aren't working. And then once you hit an inflection point of, I have things that work, I have an offer that when I send to people, 30% of people buy it, then you can be in a scale phase where you feed people into that and you're looking for volume. On the, on the journey up, those scale phases don't last for very long until you, you will hit a constraint or a bottleneck of diminishing returns and whether the offer or something needs slight engineering or tweaking to keep, to optimize, to ultimately grow. And those are the points where a lot of people stall out, and you'll hear people saying, "I'm stuck at X revenue. I'm stuck at this." And it's because they haven't switched from a growth phase to a scale phase, or they think they're on a scale phase, but they're in a growth phase, and they need to re-engineer the offers or some of the finances towards the marketplace. ## The Hybrid Offer and Client Value Ascension **Summary:** Use a hybrid offer and a stacked ecosystem to reveal potential ascension paths for clients. This allows clients to naturally find their value level within your ecosystem, leading to higher average client value and retention. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So how does it play out? That, that plays out in a reality that on day one of a relationship with a client, it is difficult to discern, truly discern whether a client is a thousand dollar person or a hundred thousand dollar person. The only way we, we discern that is by showing them the path to do so, right? And then the thousand, thousand, probably in hindsight, it's a bit extreme of an example. You can discern, roughly what bucket they're in, but, if you can't tell between a thousand, a hundred thousand dollar person, then there might not be enough signals to go on. So we use the hybrid offer and the stack, we can show people the potential path forward. So what I have done and what I have experimented with and nailed in my own business, and then helped people apply, is I have very power law based experience because the next step for people is always natural, so that has led to very, very high average client value

. So we use the hybrid offer and the stack, we can show people the potential path forward. So what I have done and what I have experimented with and nailed in my own business, and then helped people apply, is I have very power law based experience because the next step for people is always natural, so that has led to very, very high average client value. And that's also led to very high retention because I have a myth, a methodology which allows people to naturally move forward to the place that they need to be, but also naturally move backwards to settle at a level without them ultimately leaving a community or a product or, etc. And saying in other ways, I've worked out how to get the most amount of money out of clients while delivering, out of clients for delivering the maximum result. And I've also worked out a way to pretty much ensure that most people don't leave because they have something for them. So scenario one, a common scenario: They join the community, they pay in full off the back of, an offer, they enjoy the experience, I credit that experience against the syndicate, and they step up into it. I credit the full experience. I work out a custom payment for them based on the credit, so they're not paying the full amount. They feel that they've got a credit, which is again potential energy in there, and they step up into the syndicate, and they're on a lower payment than they would be at a market rate, and they've got that natural experience. That is a very common flow, just by crediting what someone has previously purchased against the next step. Right? And I'm in the process of engineering that across the board in the business to make that natural. So anybody, no matter how long they've been in there, can benefit from, from that progress in that state, so they can settle in their naturals, in their natural place. That also, this also means that in the inverse, that someone could join the syndicate for a period of time and step back down to the community because under the, the nature of that offer, they might spend 3 months in the syndicate, and then they step down, and they've still got, 9 or 8 months, in the community, and they're still ultimately there and part of it. Right? ## Leveraging Small Initial Investments for High Client Value **Summary:** By strategically structuring your ecosystem and crediting previous purchases, you can transform small initial commitments into significantly higher value client relationships. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So this is another scenario that's played out. And so that, that scenario there has an annualized value of about $20,000 for a person if they stay for the whole duration of that. that's the, the actual ultimate example. Bear in mind, the first touch point that that person had when joining my world was they were probably attracted by someone, something that said, "Join for a hundred dollars." So I have taken that commitment or that interest of a figure around a hundred dollars and then established that the client will spend $20,000, right? There's an order of magnitude different in the actual client value. And this is why we isolate that when we look at offers, we isolate the ability to convert someone versus having an ecosystem that they step into where they ultimately expand. There are plenty of people who have gone through the classic ascension from me, who have downloaded a free lead magnet, bought a $10 book, joined $100 a week community, and then ascended all the way up to the Circle at $800 a week. So again, same scenario, client joins the community, then moves between levels based on how much proximity and access they need at the time. And again, this is a real scenario

., indoctrinate people the most and create the highest caliber of person. ## Two Types of Client-Getting Books: Big Idea vs. Single Mechanism **Summary:** Client-getting books can be categorized into two main types: "Big Idea" books that encompass a comprehensive vision, and "Mechanism" books that focus on a specific strategy or process. Both types can be effective, but Mechanism books often sell better due to their immediate problem-solving nature. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So there's 2 types of books that we can create. The 1st one is the big idea. the one that completely sells them and if you want to get more context on the sovereign consultant and the pieces of how I assembled that watch the authority training in the classroom. but the big idea completely sells them on your whole vision, your whole world, who they who they can become what they need, what they need to do next, and and ultimately how they do it. The the why, what, how, so? The sovereign consultant is A is an example of a big idea book. It's a big idea that creates the idea of what a sovereign consultant is. what they need to do to do it, and how to do it. As they unpack the chapters. So, the the Big Idea book is more of the book than our book, slightly contradicting what I said before, but it's it's ultimately the the big idea. the second type of book which I'm confident that 80% of you have now is a book that's just about a single mechanism. ## From Trainings to Books: Leveraging Existing Content **Summary:** Existing training materials and workshops can be easily repurposed into books. Transcribing workshops and blending them with training documents provides a substantial base for a book, requiring primarily editing and structuring. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So the sovereign consultant book is created from 4 trainings. So there's a software consultant the the simplest path to a million dollars profit a year. You can see that training. You can see that it's got a Google Doc attached to it. The hybrid offer customers to clients in the data client machine. So, as I said, I will create 3 more books based on those mechanisms. So I will have an interconnected world of books that that point to each other and cross reference each other. Because I've already got the baseline of those books. So what I did is, I created a training. I ran the workshop. I got the workshop transcribed, and then I blended the the original training Doc, because I do my trainings in in Google Docs. And I blended that with the transcript of the of the workshop. The average hour long workshop generates about 17 to 24,000 words depending on how fast you speak. That's a book right? There is editing required, but you can have something usable and drop it into drop it into those, and I'm going to give you the book and the outline, and in a more readable and raw format. ## Simplifying the Book Creation Process: Focusing on Client Acquisition **Summary:** Client-getting books should be viewed as enhanced lead magnets or condensed workshops, focusing on client acquisition rather than being complex literary works. This approach simplifies the process and allows for quicker client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** This is a lead magnet on steroids or a reduction of a workshop. Right? And again, most people here have done both of those things, and the book is the happy middle ground in terms of the asset that is created from those, and also an asset that ultimately we can put into something that's got bit better economics

. He explains that this speed transmits a potent energy and makes the content more compelling and alive for the audience. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And so speed to message matters. If you give an insight or you get an insight, and then you create the content quickly off the back of that, then that content will be very, very potent. So Brad was in my house. He came here for a VIP, we spent a day writing on the, with the dogs writing on the window, putting out a plan for him for the next year. It was about 800,000, he wanted to go to a million, and he wanted to crack that number. So I documented the day, I talked about what happened, I took a couple of pictures, and I gave some insights about what plan he was undertaking, what he was doing. So when I'm reporting that in real time, it gives the content some potency and aliveness. ## The Importance of Context in Content Creation **Summary:** James Kemp explains that content needs a superstructure and scaffolding, emphasizing the crucial role of context. He argues that content without context is just noise and advises inserting mechanisms, identity, and world into content to create meaning. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Before you make content, you need a superstructure. You need some scaffolding. And what is absent in most content is context. So content that doesn't create context is just noise. And God forgive me, most of you are just creating a lot of noise because you're not creating context. And you just need these small elements in your content to create that context. So when we are creating content, we must insert context to move people towards our ideas. And we do this by putting in our mechanisms, the identity that we are helping people unfold, and the world that we live in, into our content. So when we link our unique mechanisms with a problem someone is currently facing, it gives them context. This is the problem that Bob was facing. This is the mechanism he used to solve that. There is a mechanism to solve that problem, and it's possessed by Ryan, or Michael, or Jared. We link our aspirational identity to a demonstration of our philosophy, and during that we create context. When people are looking at content or marketing, they tend to look forward. They don't say, "What offer am I making?" They say, "What ad do I need to run?" They don't say, "What's the context and content inside my offer?" They say, "What content do I need to create?" We need to work backwards towards the market. So we define the mechanisms we make offers with, and we create content around those mechanisms. ## Content, Mechanisms, and Context: A Real-World Example **Summary:** James Kemp provides a real-world example of how he uses mechanisms to create context in his content. He discusses specific mechanisms used within his programs and how he consistently incorporates them into his content across various platforms. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Here's a living, breathing example. Inside the syndicate, the circle, and the membership, we do three pretty simple things: we create a hybrid offer that people can buy off a Google Doc, we run workshops that we sell tickets to, and we turn those customers into clients, and we generate leads with the daily client machine. So inside our world, we do and build those things. Inside our workshops, we give more context to those things. How do you create a hybrid offer? So we show, we have a look behind the curtain. In the content that I create, I will be speaking about the mechanisms over and over again. I will be talking about the hybrid offer over and over again, and inserting it into one of my content types

. So inside our world, we do and build those things. Inside our workshops, we give more context to those things. How do you create a hybrid offer? So we show, we have a look behind the curtain. In the content that I create, I will be speaking about the mechanisms over and over again. I will be talking about the hybrid offer over and over again, and inserting it into one of my content types. I'll be talking about customers to clients, creating customers, turning them into clients, multiple times, because it's a mechanism that is effective and we use it. And I'll be talking about the daily client machine multiple times. So by just inserting those mechanisms into my content, I'm creating context within the content that I create. So if I go to Facebook right now, and I search the word "hybrid," and I look for posts from me, and I search the word "hybrid," you will see how consistently I have created context around that word, the hybrid offer. I've created it so much that everyone in the world has stolen the idea from me. I partly jest, but the nature of inserting the mechanism over and over again means that I'm generating context about that mechanism all the time. My consistency is not only in the creation of the content, but it's also on the insertion of the mechanism. ## Mechanisms, Identity, and Market Differentiation **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the importance of unique mechanisms and a clear identity as key differentiators in a commoditized market. He explains that mechanisms are the unique ways problems are solved and should be consistently highlighted in content. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** And, I've been shouting from the rooftops recently about competition and comparison, and what's left for people to compete on. The only thing left for you to compete on is your unique mechanisms and the ideas that you bring to the market. Everything else is commoditized. Every single other thing can be copied and replicated. But your mechanisms and your orientation towards those mechanisms, the mechanism being the way that you get results, is the thing that you can consistently do that. So we can do this after, in the workshop portion. But if we create context around our mechanisms and we insert those repeatedly, and then we have an aspirational identity – you don't even need to be that good at content and that good at communication, you just need to be consistent with the messaging – mechanisms come down to the unique way you solve problems and a clarity over who those problems are solved for, or the desires they have. ## Content Creation Superstructure and Resources **Summary:** James Kemp reiterates the importance of context in content and directs his audience to additional resources on mechanisms, identity, and authority within his membership and syndicate programs. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** So after we've thought about what context we want to deliver, what mechanisms we have that we want to insert into the content, by the way, if you're in the membership of the syndicate, more on mechanisms and identity and creation and authority in the classroom. So I've linked directly to that. So once we've inserted the context piece, we need to have the actual content., what do we say and what do we write about? ## The Power Laws of Content and Four Content Buckets **Summary:** James Kemp introduces the power laws of content, stating that a small percentage of content drives the majority of results. He then outlines four content buckets – philosophy, proof, problem, and plan – as tools for effective content creation. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** The power laws in content are the power laws in anything else. 95% of the results from social and from content are driven by less than 5% of your content

. So I will create content that attempts to tell that story. So philosophy is you. What do you believe, and what is your worldview? To a lesser or greater extent, all of my clients share some or all of my worldview about my ideas about sovereignty and freedom and these pieces. So I share those on a regular basis because being my people is an important part of being in my world. It's very useful to believe those things. If people want to build a gigantic business with a glass building with a name on it, then I'm probably not the right guy to talk to. And so I need to be clear in my content that this is what I believe, and this is what I stand for, and this is also what I don't believe in as well. ## Proof Content: Demonstrating How Results are Achieved **Summary:** James Kemp defines proof content as going beyond testimonials by providing insights into how clients achieved results. He stresses the importance of highlighting the mechanisms used to achieve success, making the process replicable for potential clients. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** The second type is proof, and proof is different to, say, a case study or a testimonial. It's different to a testimonial, but it's definitely my take on a case study. Proof is proving you can help someone by demonstrating how you help someone. And solid proof goes beyond testimonials. It delivers insight on how someone you worked with got a result, and mechanisms are very, very useful when you're talking about proof. So this post here, talking about how Tom made 19k in sales helping people finish their music. He joined the syndicate, so I'm inserting the product name, the thing he participated in. And then I'm talking about the mechanisms that are used to generate that 19k. Again, an example many years ago from Matt, the eight steps that he took to transform his business with a case study. I'm not saying just what the results were. I am telling people the mechanisms these people used to get the results. And that's the distinction between a typical case study. Most case studies aim to boost the credibility of the person narrating the story. I'm seeking to generate an insight to show that there's things that are accessible for people to get a result, that if you use a hybrid offer, if you use customers to clients, if you use the daily client machine, etc., that you can get a result behind them. So there's that. I dig deeper into more of those examples, and the actual breakdown of those and the ultimate case study template, which is again in the classroom. But, at a very simple level, these are one step beyond a case study. They're not saying just what happened, they're demonstrating how it happened as well. ## Problem Content: Sharing Insights and Solutions **Summary:** James Kemp defines problem content as sharing insights gathered from experience, offering solutions to common problems. He advocates for providing complete solutions within the content, demonstrating expertise and building trust. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Problem. So this is, share an insight that you gather from delivering. The more common the problem, and the more unique your approach to solving it, the more traction these posts get. This is where a belief in giving everybody everything they need in your content is useful. I don't hold back when I tell stories that I create. I don't say,

> "Join the Syndicate, I'll tell you exactly what to do."
 This chain is theoretically infinite. Over time, this axis can continually be sold to an individual client. Making your offer simple, while appreciating the client's experience of complexity, allows for a natural next offer. ## The Social Code: Delivering Insight **Summary:** James Kemp emphasizes the importance of delivering insight on social media, differentiating it from readily available information and highlighting its value in attracting and engaging an audience. Video Source:* Social Code.txt **Content:** You must deliver insight because insight is extremely rare, and rare things are valuable. Information allows us to observe what is happening, but insights tell us *why*. If you can demonstrate why something is happening in someone's life, you demonstrate a deeper understanding that others seek. People are seeking a deeper understanding of why things happen to them. Insight starts to piece together why something’s happening through real experience. ## The Social Code: Selling Ideas **Summary:** James Kemp explains that social media is best used for selling ideas, not products, as this builds buy-in and makes selling products easier later on. Video Source:* Social Code.txt **Content:** Before someone can buy something, they need to buy *into* something – an idea. If you sell people on your ideas on social, it’s much easier to sell them on you and your products. The sequence is always idea first, then product. Approach social media as an idea salesperson. Don't make direct offers. It’s clunky and induces fatigue. Use social content to move people to social messaging or email. ## The Social Code: Plan Posts for Leadership **Summary:** James Kemp explains that plan posts, which outline a clear direction and strategy, are the most powerful type of social media content for establishing leadership and attracting a following. Video Source:* Social Code.txt **Content:** In a chaotic world, everyone wants a plan. To get followers, you need to lead. To establish leadership, decide on a direction, define it, and lead others towards it. This content blends philosophy, proof, and problem. Plans require courage. They work well as pillar content because they’re risky. Setting your stall out is the single biggest movement of attention you can make. This content can be repurposed and referred back to. On July 18th, I posted my plan to get back to $3 million a year. I detailed the steps, and people were curious and started following along. Eight weeks later, I updated them on my progress. These posts create a viral loop. Setting a plan is powerful for attracting a following and for self-accountability. It sets you on a journey. ## The Social Code: Moving from Public to Private **Summary:** James Kemp discusses strategies for moving people from public social media feeds to private messaging or email, where direct offers can be made more effectively. Video Source:* Social Code.txt **Content:** Attraction takes time. Direct asks move people to the next stage. Two-step posts get people to respond, then you send a DM. Examples: 
> "Recorded a loom on selling 60k hybrid offers with a Google Doc. Want the private link?"
 or 
> "Finally doing a workshop on my social media strategy. DM for the link."
 Be explicit – ask for comments, then DM. I've evolved this into "insight two-steps." They ask for a comment, but I treat them sales letters. Example: 
> "Three steps to selling high-ticket with a three-page doc. Since July, 90 people signed up, paying 10k-75k/year. I did it with a Google Doc. Promise: new money, expand LTV. Workshop:

## Components

### ```txt ## Crafting a Compelling Offer **Summary

** This chunk discusses the importance of a strong offer, working backward from the desired outcome, and the core components of an offer-driven model. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Welcome! Today, we'll focus on constructing your daily client machine—how to generate leads hourly, customers daily, and clients weekly. It's critical to attack things in the right order: offer, then sales, then marketing. The best way to hit a goal is to work backward from it. Create and validate an offer, make three sales with a Google Doc, create a customer offer that converts 5% of buyers into clients, and then automate lead flow, customer offers, and ascend customers into clients weekly. This system creates leads and customers, engages with customers to understand their intent, and captures those who don't display immediate intent for future conversion. The two key components are your big idea and your customer offer. The process is: lead magnet (capture and opt-in), customer offer ($100 digital product), and client offer. The big idea is a product of your client and customer offers, a frame that catches attention, creates curiosity, and establishes authority. ## Big Ideas and Customer Offers **Summary:** This chunk explores different frames for creating a big idea, including swiping, next steps, automation, and identity. It also discusses the customer offer and its role in converting leads. Video Source:* 3k Code.txt **Content:** Many big ideas become so successful they become the brand. Consider these frames: swiping (copy my success), next steps (your first client), automation (automatic clients), and identity (the sovereign consultant). Big ideas often have utility across multiple products (books, courses, consulting). My big idea, "selling from a Google Doc," led to a daily client machine that generates 5-10 leads daily and 1-2 product sales, doubling with simple ads. Put your big idea everywhere—social media profiles, ads. The customer offer turns leads into customers. Ideal components include training, templates, a live workshop, and a call. ## Offer Creation and Validation **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of offer creation, validation through market feedback, and the key principles of promise, process, and plan. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The path to a million-dollar business is simple, not easy: promise, process, mechanisms, plan, validation, sales, scale, automation. The hybrid offer is key, a single offer with multiple products. Four reasons people buy help: make money, save money, stay legal, live a better life. Focus on one core reason; everything else is a benefit. Understand the problem/desire you're solving. Validation is getting your offer in front of 10 people and making 3 sales. Use the community for feedback based on real data. ## Hybrid Offer Structure and Pricing **Summary:** This chunk explains the hybrid offer, its advantages over traditional consulting, and provides specific pricing recommendations for community offers, consulting offers, and customer offers. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer, containing multiple products. It includes a 12-month ongoing commitment with clear promises, outcomes, and timelines. Pricing examples: Community offers ($100-200/week, $3,000 annual), consulting offers ($300-600/week), customer offers ($100). This pricing maximizes conversions and economics, making it easy to get started and upgrade. ## Offer Construction Principles **Summary:** This chunk details the three core principles of offer construction: promise, process, and plan. It stresses the importance of clarity, future pacing, and avoiding information overload. Video Source:* 3k per week.txt **Content:** Three principles: promise (what gets done), process (how it works), plan (how it rolls out)

## How to Apply

method to sell $2,000–$25,000 offers without sales calls.
What you will learn:
✅ Step-by-step training on the 5 factors an offer must have to convert
✅ Behind-the-scenes breakdown of a Hybrid Offer that generated $290,000 in 60 days
✅ The exact template that sold a $15,000/year mastermind without a single call
✅ The "laws of pricing" and how breaking them will lower offer deal friction
✅ Bonus: Fill-in-the-blanks template to create your offer in minutes
Entry Price: $9 Guarantee: 100% Lifetime Guarantee – full refund within 3 days if not satisfied.

