---
title: the Framework - Complete Guide
type: frameworks
source_files: 1d5153d5ffa7b721  # Limit to 5 for readability
keywords: the, framework, system, method
token_count: 33953
duplicates_removed: 0
generated: 2025-07-07T12:14:59.797909
---

# the Framework - Complete Guide

# the Framework

## Overview

This Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) outlines the step-by-step process for reproducing the "DCM 2.

## Complete Framework

# HighLevel Funnel Reproduction SOP: DCM 2.0 Templates
## Overview This Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) outlines the step-by-step process for reproducing the "DCM 2.0 Templates" funnel from James Kemp's HighLevel account with customized service and sales copy for clients.
## Funnel Structure Analysis
Based on the API analysis of the DCM 2.0 Templates funnel (ID: ATb1XCi2a8fAMP9ME7cY), the funnel contains the following 8 steps:
### Core Funnel Flow: 1. **Social Code $9 (TEMPLATE)** - Big idea video page 2. **Upsell 1: The 3k Code + Social Code (TEMPLATE)** - First upsell bundle 3. **Upsell 2: Sovereign Membership - 9 Day Trial (TEMPLATE)** - Membership upsell 4. **Delivery - The Social Code (TEMPLATE)** - Product delivery page 5. **The Sovereign Community Membership - Thank You (TEMPLATE)** - Membership thank you 6. **Delivery - The 3k Code and Social Code (TEMPLATE)** - Bundle delivery page 7. **BUMP: The Cash Campaign Templates (Template)** - Order bump/ downsell 8. **The Client Funnel** - Final installation/setup page
## Prerequisites
### Required Access: - HighLevel Agency/Location account with funnel creation permissions - API access (if automating the process) - Copywriting tool access for content customization - Client's business information and unique value proposition
### Required Information from Client: - Business name and branding - Target audience description - Unique service/product offering - Pricing structure - Value propositions - Contact information - Payment processing setup
## Step-by-Step Reproduction Process
### Phase 1: Funnel Setup and Structure
#### Step 1: Create New Funnel

1. Log into HighLevel account 2. Navigate to Sites > Funnels 3. Click "Create New Funnel" 4. Name the funnel: "[Client Name] - [Service Name] Funnel" 5. Set the funnel URL slug: `/[client-service-name]` ##

James Kemp: So we're ready for the 3 K. Code. James Kemp: some more than others. James Kemp: Welcome to our Hello to the Syndicate people again. Our normal Tuesday morning slot has been hijacked for James Kemp: me talking to a Google, Doc for James Kemp: about 40 min. James Kemp: and then tomorrow again, and then tomorrow. And then when we have a QA. So I've got 2 Q&A's together syndicate people on Thursday. James Kemp: after we wrap this up. So I'm James Kemp: we'll be adding James Kemp: and subtracting and customizing as we go along, and welcome to James Kemp: welcome to our guests. James Kemp: so James Kemp: to get into it, permission to start. James Kemp: gonna share my screen James Kemp: and go along. James Kemp: Voice is a way. But Karkey. James Kemp: after a bit of travel. James Kemp: I say, I want to start. James Kemp: Everyone can see my screen. Good. Everyone can hear me fine James Kemp: and members, and to get people. Let's go straight into the classroom this afternoon, after. I guess we will give it as James Kemp: a single replay our first, and then I'll edit it over the next couple of weeks, and you'll have access to that, too. James Kemp: along with all the resources. So anything I show you today you get access to. James Kemp: So the 3 K code white people buy. So today is all about, I'm going to give you context. But today is all about assembling, crafting, and delivering a high, converting hybrid offer James Kemp: and I want the theme of all of this. We need the theme of all of this to make it simple. James Kemp: because everybody James Kemp: fucks it up when they get complicated when they think they are an exception, or you're looking for reasons why. And most of those are James Kemp: emotional and getting in the way. James Kemp: Because the 3. The 3 code is meant to be a prescription. James Kemp: So when we assemble that as a formula. so I do give variables. James Kemp: and, in the Q. And A. Afterwards we will talk about your specific variables, and I teach you how to think along the journey. But results will flow from following the prescription. So my job's to give you the prescription. James Kemp: And this formula is designed to be tight and minimal. I do not spend a lot of time or much really, or paying lip service to mindset or blockers, or particular reasons why it won't work or or will work. James Kemp: It fails if you try and look for complexity or more. Okay. James Kemp: because your job is assemble tests learn in a record. and all results James Kemp: in business happen in the marketplace. It doesn't happen in the consumption of ideas. And we all love ideas. We all love insight. We all love learning new things and gaining new insights because we get that little hit, and it feels exciting. But most people get in their own way James Kemp: to prevent themselves getting in the game. All the mine stuff of why, it won't work for me, or I'm an exceptional these pieces, but I can give you the formula. James Kemp: but you must mix the potion and apply it. James Kemp: The most difficult thing about working with me is I break it down into the simple bits that people don't, because then it becomes unavoidable that you have to do something with it. James Kemp: So this is a a prescription and a formula. but it's up to you to apply it. So James Kemp: the system we use. And there's some essential stages of evolution as we go into a marketplace

James Kemp: so the install offer the offer install. James Kemp: Here's the doc. James Kemp: If this is your 1st time with us, and you're a guest. Welcome if this is your 1st time with us as a member. Welcome! James Kemp: How these work is! I show you something James Kemp: and talk about why it works and talk about how it works. And then we've got some time to get it to work for you. So there's always a supporting document with these, usually a template. James Kemp: So the supporting dockers and the in the chat. James Kemp: and there's also a template that we'll get to soon. James Kemp: So the install offer this one's pretty cool because it is James Kemp: the highest converting offer I've run for 7 years in terms of how I've deployed it, and also James Kemp: the James Kemp: when I've passed it on to clients. I've seen a very, very fast conversion when this is deployed as well, and it's cool, because it's simple James Kemp: and it goes wrong when it's not simple and it's over complicated. James Kemp: So the the running of an offer driven business James Kemp: is the most efficient route to scale, because James Kemp: when you make offers, and when your prospects receive offers, you create some motion James Kemp: right? And even if the offers aren't working. James Kemp: You still create motion because you create motion for both yourself and your clients, and James Kemp: that puts you in the game. And James Kemp: most of business is not thriving and becoming a billionaire and making this and making that. It's surviving until that opportunity comes along that, creates the outsized returns. If you are not making and delivering on offers frequently, then you are not getting paid or creating results. Frequently James Kemp: it is that simple. If you aren't making offers, you aren't serving people. And in the process of serving people we improve our craft, acquire more skills. We get them results. We create compound effects across the board. James Kemp: If we are not making on deliver and delivering on offers, we are not delivering some level of change in ourselves or other people. We're not delivering some level of transformation in ourselves or other people. We're not really going anywhere. James Kemp: The reason I get paid every day is not because I make offers every day is because I help other people every day, and in the course of that I make offers right? So it's this big, positive circular loop. James Kemp: But what type of offers when how James Kemp: matters to it dictates what results we get, because all offers aren't created equal. All clients aren't created equal. James Kemp: And when I talk about an offer. I'm just making the distinction between a product and offer. James Kemp:, a product is something that we do and deliver on. James Kemp: and that we and and the offer is the wrapper that we put around it, that someone interacts with. James Kemp: that. The offer is the wrapper that we put around something or or a collection of products that someone interacts with interacts with in the sense of, we get their attention for it. And then ultimately, when we have an offer, we promise a result or proximity to a result around it. James Kemp: and we use different offers for different purposes. James Kemp: and discernment and sequencing is required for you relative to where you are right now. James Kemp: So here's 4 types of offer. James Kemp: We have a customer offer that purely creates a buyer James Kemp: that is usually a singular product in that offer it creates a. It creates a buyer, and then we can discern what that buyer needs next, and then turn them into a customer who make the custom of buying

. James Kemp: but you must mix the potion and apply it. James Kemp: The most difficult thing about working with me is I break it down into the simple bits that people don't, because then it becomes unavoidable that you have to do something with it. James Kemp: So this is a a prescription and a formula. but it's up to you to apply it. So James Kemp: the system we use. And there's some essential stages of evolution as we go into a marketplace. So to generate a client, we can simply break it into phases. We can have a lead. So someone within the right to communicate with a customer someone who's transacted with us or a client, someone who we commit time resources to. James Kemp: And these distinctions are very useful and important, because they allow us to design for those particular stages. James Kemp: and then we can break it down, because, to obtain a client efficiently. Most demonstrate confidence in each stage. So people can skip any of these stages. Someone can become a lead and quickly become a client. But this is an exception rather than the rule. James Kemp: Daniel, yesterday who was we were talking about? The send to get back and forth is . James Kemp: Hey, I this. You can try before you buy, and that is exactly the frame of a customer versus a client. This is an interaction. Does he it? What what's it gonna do? What does it work? Let's have a look under the hood to see how it feels, etc., etc. James Kemp: So for a client to ascend and identify themselves. We must understand intent and desire. And the fastest way to understand intent is desire and initiate a transaction, get someone to give you money James Kemp: right? Because behind that is some intent and a single signal of desire. So for someone to give you money, you must gain their attention and trust by demonstrating you have something to desire. James Kemp: So the system we are building James Kemp: is just this blueprint. James Kemp: We have James Kemp: 2 levels of client offer. We have at most a couple of customer offers. James Kemp: And then we have a big idea, and that sequence is very important. James Kemp: And it's very distinct in terms of how we're going to work through. James Kemp: So for clients, we have a community offer and one upgrade option James Kemp: for customers. We have one-time products to generate, customers in cash flow. And ultimately this model is offer-driven. James Kemp: So we get leads. We turn them into customers, and we turn those customers into clients James Kemp: it's nothing more difficult than that. But simple and easier different things. James Kemp: And this is the model I use because I aim to do as little selling and marketing as possible. James Kemp: I just want to demonstrate and make offers. James Kemp: This is the thing that works for me is how it could work for you. Do you want some help doing it. James Kemp: and that is available to everybody. So, working backwards, I want to create highly valuable long-term relationships and to find those I create clients and help them generate value. James Kemp: to find clients. I generate customers to understand their intent, and to find customers, and demonstrate my ideas, to earn attention and trust. If we approach everything as an offer, whether it's free or paid, it helps construct the most efficient ecosystem possible. James Kemp: So if I can leave you with one thing is teaching you how to think about making offers. You'll have a highly efficient, highly lucrative, highly fun business. James Kemp: because it will. People will find their natural place James Kemp: because clients are not created equal and power laws apply. the majority of the market are James Kemp: in pain and have a problem and are relatively opportunity unaware

So they they see things and then the things that they see we validate their feelings right so when you verify you're seeing if I do the people that I talk to rising costs in ads you're seeing old models not working You're seeing unreliable stuff you're seeing or experiences with coaches So that you're seeing all these things the these things have happened to them right and this is what they see And it can either be the immediate things they're seeing or the things they've done in the past You validate how they feel So that makes you feel uncertain on what moves to make that makes you s uncertain on who to trust right and then you you present your vantage point This is what playing out I see solo one person businesses with low overheads and easy to buy offers as duh duh weathering the storm are going through this and then the values are the common things this is the where you introduce the Why why would I do that well I'm a father and a husband and I want my time and I want my to spend time on my health and my body and with my family and so therefore I'm building this business so I can look after my family Right this is this is the reason why I'm doing it These are all the these are all the logical reasons why these are the things you're seeing This is this is why you feel that with them This is the vantage point that I come from The best type of business is a solo offer driven business with multiple modalities deployed You've got one time offers You've got ways to acquire clients and you've got ways to ways to you're just introducing them to the idea And then the villain is complexity teams hiring costs gurus selling who are selling the the the old thing and you'll see some of the stuff in my content I'll be not calling out specific people but I'll be pointing out that there's people selling ideas that they know don't work in the market anymore right and so when you go through this when you go through this exercise with your content and the positioning then you go through a you go through a journey of taking someone through that you're displaying empathy that you understand what they're seeing you're acknowledging their feelings So you're being empathetic about that that that they are scared confused angry that these are the things they hate These are enemies And of course if you are hyper political you would you would position the enemy as a particular individual or a person you need to do these things so you can get over that over the man right and you could name the man if if if you had them And then the the the vantage point is that this is what I see So this is the this is the bit where you're introducing this is the way forward and this is the way that you need to go in times of high chaos You need to be the most certain person in the marketplace Right you need to present even if you don't possess it 100% confidence that the the methods the philosophy that the strategy that you're that you're presenting right now is the best thing for that person right and there's no room for may the more chaotic the overall environment in the marketplace the more uncertainty that's spinning around and there's just high levels of uncertainty spinning everywhere and there has been for quite some time Then the more certain you need to be about this is the way and the more you need to dismiss the other may and the potentials right so high chaos is is counterbalanced by high certainty And if you look at the the talking head marketplace or the marketplace of ideas or the social marketplace the people who are sometimes incomprehensibly confident about exactly what's going to happen are the ones that get followed along right the people who are this is happening to the economy and this is why tariffs are this and this is people are listening to them because they have that certainty of outcome right and so if we are leading people and selling them we need to have that level of certainty that almost irrational confidence that this is the way It needs to be

. James Kemp: And it's not clear what outcome they get. James Kemp: So we simply solve for this. And this is a requirement of much as a surrender requirement rather than a force requirement. We solve for this by having a hypothesis developed from real world data or experience. And that is, people are already buying this off someone else. That is a positive market signal they've asked. They've asked you for it before. That is a positive market signal. James Kemp: and more commonly, it's a thing you're already delivering to clients, and it unfolds in the process that that's a particular thing that clients love or or clients want. James Kemp: and we solve for clarity by promising one clear outcome over one time period. James Kemp: The further we get away and the more dimensions we get away from these these simple truths, the lower the chance of velocity and outcomes. James Kemp: And again, I'm going to beat up on pretty much everybody. James Kemp: just because you want something doesn't mean the market wants it. James Kemp: and we must understand what the market wants to to meet the market where they are. James Kemp: I think it was a Dan Kennedyism, but, into the conversation, and that's already happening in their head. Right? And and all desire and problems are already out in the marketplace. And we just need to turn that into demand with an offer. James Kemp: and we do that through a simple equation. James Kemp: So we have a specific outcome James Kemp: over a specific timeframe. And then we convert James Kemp: specific outcome is either very easy to point at, very prescriptive and specific and objective, and a specific timeframe is that. How long will that take, or how long are we going to engage together. James Kemp: When a prospect clearly see what happens in the future, they can make a clear, buying decision. James Kemp: It's important to understand in the world of services. The thing that we're selling doesn't exist right James Kemp: in physical products. When you go and buy a car and you're going into the showroom and someone points at the car. And you're, I want that one. But it's black James Kemp: that has a physicality in existence James Kemp: which is tangible, right? We sell things that don't exist yet, because the future hasn't happened yet. So the clearer the picture that we insert in someone's mind of what is going to happen in the future, the more tangible our offer becomes, and the more tangible our offer is, the more viable because it fundamentally feels real right. James Kemp: So as with any equation James Kemp: the the defined inputs create the defined outputs. The smaller the promise, the more easy it is to keep and the more specificity we have around what gets done, and over what time period, the higher the conversion. James Kemp: the further again, the further we get away from that, the slower it is, and the harder it is to sell and the less quality of the data that we get. James Kemp: So here is my install offer called the offer install. It's not confusing whatsoever. James Kemp: This is the reason these work as well is because they're very, very short and we had this conversation in the syndicate Michael, who's a, one of the best salespeople and and sales trainers in the world, talking about the mindset of offers and a huge, a huge component that we're talking about on Tuesday was. James Kemp: things that are easy to say no to right and specific offers are easy to say no to, because they're not relevant for that particular person. James Kemp: Your offer should be as easy to say No as as it is to say yes to, because the right person says yes, and also the right person says no

---

## Examples & Case Studies

## The Power of a Singular Idea in Dual Modes It's more likely to be consumed than it is. If it's behind a paywall paid information has attention and attention advantage. If people pay, they tend to pay attention right? And so putting information and insight in front of people using both at the same time, is the force multiplier. And this, gets above that. What is the one funnel. There isn't 1 funnel. There is understanding the principles behind, a singular idea, being deployed and deploying it in different modes. So the Dcm 2.0 deploys both at the same time. and we create the same. We take the same idea and create 2 funnels. Each funnel leads to an offer. The client. Funnel uses an insight path. So consumption of information, and the customer funnel uses an info path. Purchasing and consuming information right? So as always, it's much simpler to show you rather than tell you so. One of the things that is the most challenging with offers right when we're making offers is what precedes the offer? What happens around the offer that you're making? And we, when we look at Google Docs, we often look at the the offer. That's inside the Google Doc. But we need to understand what's happened before that. And we also need to understand what's happened after it as well. That's my, both my zooms going off at once. So the client funnel works with both organic content and paid traffic right? So the top of the funnel we have content and pre-selling content is about 2 different things. It's about consistency and understanding that there's only really 3 content types that we're putting out there. So pre-selling content does exactly that. It pre- sells them on. What can happen next. So the content types are our mechanisms. I will talk about the hybrid offer. I will show how it works. I'll give different examples to it. I will talk about the daily client machine. I'll show how it works. I'll give different examples to it.

---

## Content Strategy & World Building This pre-sells people on the ideas that these things work and gives them insight that it might work for them right? And so the other top content types are, the identity I talk about the sovereign consultant. I talk about the sovereign components and and the process, and especially with video based content. You are showing those things as well rather than just telling right? So where are you? What is the background? What world are you in. What's your philosophy? Who's around you? What is the day in the life, what is behind the scenes? Who are the characters? If you're on a refresher on those things, then it's in the authority training in the, in the membership. So the world building is., the things around you, and though they can be, stories, I do, stop marketing, start demonstrating as me, just talking about my experience and pointing something out and giving inside philosophy online coaching is dead. But there's lots of things that are more mechanistic here as well. That content, if we're doing it from a content way, then funnels them to a big idea. Video. And this is for all intents and purposes of Vsl. I don't call it a Vsl, because I have found. There's no actual formula that applies to each individual. There are particular formulas that apply to certain categories. If you're just selling coaching, there's a particular formula for that. If you're just selling agency, there's a particular formula for a Vsl that works really well, and a lot of those Vsls to be honest work very well in call funnels, but less well in insight funnels. So I frame my, big idea as a demo.

---

. James Kemp: So I found that that style of pricing extremely effective. And it's obviously relative the the dollar figure James Kemp: is relative to the offer that you've got in the market. You've got, if you're selling to corporate. Then 5 K is way too low. If you're selling, probably fitness and personal transformation, it's probably pretty high. But that if you match the figures, a thousand and a thousand, 2,000 22,000 20,000. Then I've seen it work at all those particular levels. I've seen it work at 50 K and 50 k. As well. James Kemp: So the that offer structure when you've got a growth offer on the back of it works very well to convert pricing structure. Rather, it also very works very well to ascend. James Kemp: So I just wanna before we jump into Q. And A. I just want to talk about delivery and some of the new ones here. James Kemp: The delivery of my install offer has 1 1 on one call right. James Kemp: there will be. If you. If you make a promise. James Kemp: you will have a level of customization and delivering your offer. If you want to control the outcome. James Kemp: I am leaving too much to chance. If I have an offer this, and I just throw someone into the community and go have at it and work it out and watch the trainings right? That works at a low investment level where I can't dedicate the time to to, directing that person and giving them a plan. But but at higher investment levels, where you're promising an roi. James Kemp: you need to control the the flow as much as you can, because you still rely on the client to do some work, to to a greater or lesser extent. James Kemp: so all to say, there will be a level of customization involved in delivering your offer. James Kemp: Get that done early and quickly. If that means that you need multiple one on one calls or intensive service delivery in the 1st few days of the 1st week of the client engagement, do it, then James Kemp: front, load the delivery to set up the conditions for success. So you've got the next 7, 12, James Kemp: 15 weeks to unpack the result James Kemp: the the faster this is completed, the faster the client is in motion, and the faster you can move to the next client, which is increased capacity. James Kemp: If you want to run a small lean business with just you, and, minimal overhead to minimal infrastructure. James Kemp: The velocity that you clear clients through the system James Kemp: is matters more than most things about your growth potential, right? Because James Kemp: every time you have a level of customization you're doing a service, or you're one on one with a client. It has energy expenditure, right. James Kemp: how much James Kemp: how much it takes out of you, shall we say for a call, or doing work, or writing copy, or delivering, delivering pieces for the client

. It has energy expenditure, right. James Kemp: how much James Kemp: how much it takes out of you, shall we say for a call, or doing work, or writing copy, or delivering, delivering pieces for the client. James Kemp: the the if you, if you meter those and get them towards the front of it, and then you move through into a lower touch or a lower stress environment, you'll be able to put more clients through the system right? James Kemp: What tends to happen with most people is that they try and stretch out the delivery over a longer period of time, and then they then they end up clogging the system because they've got so much delivery liability coming up that they can't sell the people now right? I could sell the off the offer in store every week and just roll James Kemp: I I want, okay, I'm gonna do 5 1 on one calls next week, and then I'm gonna sell it next week and do 5 1 on one calls the week after. If I had, if I stretch those out I would be compounding that delivery responsibility right? And this is really James Kemp: subtle, and the people who have delivered to any level will know what I'm talking about. But if you stretch out and you start offering a lot of service delivery and you try and flatten it over multiple weeks or even months. James Kemp: you severely limit your ability to grow on the front end because you can't take in and ingest clients, and then get them through because you are compounding delivery because you are setting up multiple hours of delivery in the future, and that clock that limits your ability to to sign a client now. James Kemp: So what I do is, again, in the what we do together. I'm clear about how how it works. We do an offer install call with me. We create, offers, campaigns, messages, copy, and strategy. James Kemp: Then I direct the client. I direct the person to. Once we've completed that offer. Sometimes we complete it fully on the call. If it's if it's super simple. Often there's a little bit to get done. Then I I tell them to bring it back to me for feedback. We've got 2 calls a week. We've got a community. So we've got multiple touch points. James Kemp: So this is very scalable for me, because there's 1 1 on one component which is the lowest leverage thing I do, and then it's into a high leverage environment where we can provide feedback adequately. But that one on one call establishes the specificity of the offer, the timeframe and the frame around it, and then I've got assets that sit around that to make it scalable. James Kemp: so James Kemp: all to say, front load delivery, and compress it into the shortest period of time possible with the most intensive pieces. The more you do that, the more you can move through clients and sign them up. James Kemp: Wants to do an install offer. James Kemp: No, Jared. Jarred Brown: I'd love to. And then and if I can ask a question just about that, so you're just Jarred Brown: peaking the terms and centralizing their focus for the start of their syndicate experience. right, that's all. It is Jarred Brown: My question before we trial it out Jarred Brown: with with mine. It does. It does the length. Jarred Brown: But what's the minimum length in which you would do it? And does it? Does the pricing Jarred Brown: just the even split matter. So someone joins the summit. It's a 3 k. Painful for the year. Jarred Brown: which means half of that would be 1,500

> "I spoke to you at the conference. Many are interested in doubling profits. I'm running a call next Wednesday to go deeper and offer a limited opportunity."
 If you offer 300 calls, you'll get 100. You need another filter. Make a straight offer, then offer calls later. A group call is more leverage. ## Creating a Public Plan and Sharing Personal Goals **Summary:** James Kemp encourages sharing a public plan with a specific number of people you aim to help, emphasizing the importance of authenticity and meaning. He also advises against using fear of failure as a barrier to sharing personal goals. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** I the idea of a public plan. My primary focus is Instagram. Should I create a plan to help X number of women beat menopause weight by the first of the year? I'm going to stop you on the language. It's not "training." It's "going to happen." This frees you to do something meaningful. If it's meaningful to you, people gravitate to it. Don't tell them you're only 29. I'm going to compete again next year. Is it ego-driven to share that? What if I fail? It's relevant because it has meaning to you. We're seeking meaning. Can you bottle that? That's the most profound statement. How many people do you want to help? 50. Why is that not available? Fear. What if I fail? Then you have another story. Practice what you preach. Be brave. ## The Power of Public Proclamations and Embracing Failure **Summary:** James Kemp discusses the power of making public proclamations, using the example of a client who publicly stated a profit goal. He emphasizes that there is no actual failure, only directional progress, and that sharing your journey inspires others. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** He stated he'd be making $125,000 a month profit by December. When he met me, he had an $8,000 profit month. He might miss it. Last month he only made $86,000. But directionally, he's 10x'd his profits. In the process, he's inspired others to state what they want publicly. This makes them move towards it. Think in flywheels. How can we transfer meaning and vision? What we think is impossible becomes available because we make it available. I talked about making $3 million. I couldn't have done it without you. But we make these things private. "What if I fail?" There is no actual failure. Helping one person isn't failure. There's no actual failure. You can't fail. It's an optical illusion. We all need reminding. I do all the time. I need to say these things to remind myself. ## Vulnerability and Conviction in Content and Sales **Summary:** James Kemp encourages vulnerability in content, suggesting that exposing more of yourself creates a force multiplier for engagement. He also highlights the power of conviction in sales, using the example of closing a high-ticket client. Video Source:* 1000 true fans.txt **Content:** I read so much content where I'm, 
> "Give me a little bit more insight, a little bit more vulnerability."

the fastest it's got some serious trade offs and it's got some serious downsides that that only become apparent while doing it but you know what I'm damn glad I did it the the 1500 odd sales skills I did made me damn good at selling it made me damn good at offer creation it may be damnn good at content and May and they're a very fast feedback loop so the old adage that slow as smooth and smooth as fast is very much true for me these days you can have an offer that which has a defined product promise a defined path and it defined specifics around it with pricing Etc that you can put in a Google doc a text document on a relatively pretty landing page and still make sales with that it will be slower and many cases you'll get better people because they will spend more time considering your content considering the offer and considering the promises you're making or not making in the case of it so it is a harder sell but by the time you've sold someone if you're more patient then the type of people you get tend to be more patient as well and in it for the long haul so the absolute fastest way isn't isn't necessarily the best way and this is where your discernment on who you're following what you work with and what strategies you use are ultimately down to your what you want and what you expect and what you need from your life because every single strategy out there that someone's selling works there are better people out there to follow and better people to invest in who have very much got it dialed in and and are much better teachers than others and there are people who will sell you things that work in fundamentals but they don't know how they work in principles so they don't they're not great at presenting it again discernment is required for me at the stage of life I'm at and the commitments I have the the selling from docs making content sending emails every day making these videos Etc it takes longer to get results and it takes longer than it would do if I was on the phone I would make triple the money that I do these days than if if I was taking calls and selling on the phone or if I decided to build a sales team and those things what if I built a sales team I'd probably make exactly the same profit and just have much much higher our overheads and just a much shorter sales cycle that's the reality so all to say there is a fast way I don't do it you may choose to do it but go in and choose the strategies that you're thinking about the the the market and the methods that you're going to use very carefully and think about the fact that I believe fundamentally your business is there to feed your life so if your business is sucking the life out of you then you might want to think about it but if your business is feeding your life you've got the time the money the energy to do the things you want then you're definitely on the right path Coaches: You Do Not Sell 'Confidence' or 'Clarity' just got off a workshop and getting ready for boxing apparently I'm getting better so got all the space to do it so had a workshop this morning about 85 people came and it was about content and as usual the usual folks turn up it's about half coaches and then half people who do other stuff and of the coaches about 50% of the people who work with me I'm going to sit down 50% of the people work with me sell money business coaches right and so business coaches people go well it's really easy to make a promise if you're a business coach who you sell money because it's tangible and how do James how do I improve my offer because it's easy for business coaches they can just help people make more money and that is true it is easy to make a clear offer about making more money I will help you make $100,000 give me $110,000 oversimplification but that works but there were

. julie williams: Hmm. julie williams: okay. thanks, Jess. James Kemp: I, and I'll and I'll say it again. James Kemp: I'm being really prescriptive today. James Kemp: And black syndicate folks will get into mindset, and those things all we and other and other contexts, but. James Kemp: the act of doing this. James Kemp: the active to the construction of it. as James Kemp: getting it out, getting it out of the way and getting it out there. That's all that matters. You can feel lots of ways about things. James Kemp: but if you're committed to the outcome that you want for yourself, and you're the outcome that you want for the client. Then only do the things that you want to do. James Kemp: Emily. Emily Utter: Hi, I have lots of questions as usual, I did my first workshop today. I think I had 14 sales. which I guess is all right, considering I have no social media. And I made the offer for the first time, and it was a hot mess. But anyways. Emily Utter: as you're going through this, what I'm realizing, I think my offer. Promise still isn't clear. I'm in the make more money category. That's what I'm helping them do. But I feel my Emily Utter: angle of it. And this might be the problem I'm not sure is the self expression. love your business Emily Utter: what we did in the workshop today was, explore the different friction points all the things they don't really in the business. Right? Emily Utter: So Emily Utter: I wrote, I wrote a bunch of notes while you're talking. Can my core offer be? I help you make more money through self-expression? Or is that too nebulous? And people are fuck that, or I don't care, or whatever James Kemp: it is, pretty nebulous, how much money? What does the expression look ? Emily Utter: Well, so okay, for example, I helped a client shift her niche, and then the very first launch of her program. She did a half a million launch, and it's because I helped her do the thing she really wanted to do, instead of the thing she was pretending she wanted to do. James Kemp: So. The first step that we go through in the plan is aligning you with your James Kemp: ideal niche that you can freely express yourself to with my Ach system. Emily Utter: Okay. Emily Utter: no such system exists. It's Emily's bullshit meter. Put a Tm on everything, and it's a system, right Emily Utter: whatever. I think when you mentioned the bleeding confusion I was, yeah. And I think, too, most of the people who bought my workshop. And I'm sure, the first sales into this community. They're all gonna be people who've worked with me. Emily Utter: And so I've been banking on the fact that, they know, my time is worth it. And so I could call it Emily Utter: talk to Emily, and I feel those people would still buy. Maybe that's naive. Maybe I'm being lazy. And I do have my whole. Pdf, I don't know if you're open to looking at it, or I can post it, or whatever. But James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money. Emily Utter: But the method is through James Kemp: self expression. Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money. James Kemp: just people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it

. But James Kemp: The core is, the core is making more money. Emily Utter: But the method is through James Kemp: self expression. Emily Utter: right? Right? But people aren't waking up in the night crying over their self expression. are they? Yeah? Cause. They're ashamed of making money. James Kemp: just people are ashamed of wanting good relationships or having more sex or getting better bodies when it comes down to it. Everybody's just ashamed of the thing that. James Kemp: and you give them the permission to go out there and say, no, I want to make. Emily Utter: Yeah. James Kemp: I'm unapologetic that making money is, super important. Emily Utter: Right? Emily Utter: Yeah. I guess what I Emily Utter: I feel with us talking about it right now. It makes sense. But from a marketing perspective. That's where I'm a little bit . Because I can, I can make it make sense through storytelling. But that's a lot of words. James Kemp: Hmm. Emily Utter: right?, I have so many amazing examples Emily Utter: of where I help clients do this double their revenue. But Emily Utter: or or maybe maybe that is the promise. I'm, afraid to promise that, double your revenue by being more self expressed. James Kemp: And you, you need to demonstrate that over and over again. Emily Utter: But is that believable? Emily Utter: Yeah, wait. Who's giving me the thumbs up? Geo. I don't know if I'm saying your name right. Thank you. Emily Utter: not if you don't believe it, social proof at its finest Emily Utter: thanks for all the comments guys that helps. Yeah., I have a lot of questions. Maybe I can post my, my team hated the Google Docs. So we do have it in a Pdf, and it's branded. So could I post that in the syndicate. Whoever's available to give me feedback on it? Because, I'd love for you guys to tell me, why wouldn't you buy, Emily Utter: what's compelling in it? What's stupid? There's all these testimonials on it. I don't know if we need that. Maybe we just do a few case studies of Emily Utter: the few. few banger examples I'd, I'm saying, you need a promise. James Kemp: Yeah. Emily Utter: Okay, so then, but also my plan feels it's all over the friggin place. James Kemp: although maybe it's not okay. It's what they're selling. It's their content. And then I don't know what the third thing is, does it have to be 3 things. It's who they're selling to. Emily Utter: Yeah. And also, I'm just really good at helping people with sales in general. James Kemp: Yeah. But it's who they're selling to. Emily Utter: I don't know why I'm tripping out over this. Emily Utter: I'm in my own confusion, but the believability that's that comes out from the market comes from you James Kemp: when people say, Is it believable? What they're saying is, Am I allowed to do this? Emily Utter: Well, this is exactly the thing, because I'm being Emily Utter: the thing that I need coaching on from me., I'm exactly in that right now, I need me to be dude fucking. Do it James Kemp: fucking, do it, do fucking, do it? Emily Utter: Yeah, I'm sweating. Oh, my God, okay. James Kemp: this is this is, and I and I went through the cool pieces quickly, because this is where the shame comes up

. Right? James Kemp: The currency is money. the way I do it is unique to me. James Kemp: Emily's currency is money, the way she does it is unique to her. James Kemp: Your currency is money. the way you do it is unique to you. James Kemp: So you're encapsulating. But the core people. There. James Kemp: you're encapsulating the how. James Kemp: in terms of a differentiation, if you . Gieo: In that. Yeah. Gieo: I see. Okay, to build James Kemp: our goal is a million dollar health consulting practice. James Kemp: or our goal is building a million dollar lifestyle health practitioner with 100 clients or less or 10 HA week on the tools or whatever it is. Right? Gieo: Yeah, yeah. Gieo: it is in less and less time, more money and less time. Gieo: So yeah, that makes a lot of sense what you just pointed out there. Gieo: And he, he II think it's always a nuance to our, to our audience as well, because II certainly use., your framework, which was super helpful. Santa saved a huge amount of time. Gieo: And of course I changed the wording because pumping out cash. I don't. That's not the way that my people say it. I don't think it made me think that. So I change. Gieo: the nuance of what they want in in my, in my community, I said, everybody wants money, but but in my community, I think people want time more than anything, more more time, freedom. James Kemp: Yeah, the the core. James Kemp: People say they want more. People say they want more time, but they want money. James Kemp: So they because they think they can buy it. Gieo: Okay. James Kemp: So if you default to more money Gieo: and the methodology gives them more money in less time. James Kemp: Then it's a it's a safer default. Bet that the market accepts. Gieo: Yeah. Gieo: Oh, good. Well, thank you. Thanks for the feedback. And I said, I have Gieo: obviously been working with you for a bit, and got so much value out of this, and I hear something a little bit different each time. And and of course, as I'm building my own content and everything. So this whole piece about what is the core offer. II think there, I think there's layers of meaning in it. James Kemp: And there's la, there's always laser, meaning everything. And I'm, and I'm being overly simplistic today on purpose. James Kemp: because you can obfuscate all of these things James Kemp: and call it nuance right. But when we get to the core of the reason for the offer existing, and you being oriented towards the market, there's layers and layers of why you won't do that. Well, you can't do that. James Kemp: But the core pieces. What are you in the business of? James Kemp: And then adding your own unique. Spin to it. Gieo: Yeah. Gieo: Well, the the thing that I'll say to you before I jump off here, is that the other piece Gieo: just to affirm and confirm Gieo: is the commitment, so I will do what was prescribed, and I recommend other people do as well. So I will put an offer out to at least 10 people, probably a bunch more. Gieo: And I'll I'll report back. James Kemp: Yeah. Got some sales last week? Right? So you're you've got your James Kemp: thank you, sir

. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The sovereign model prioritizes slow, sustainable growth over large launches, which often lead to refunds and incomplete payments. This model maximizes monetization by offering multiple access levels: community, coaching/consulting, hourly access, and even bespoke services. This allows for consistent revenue growth and long-term client relationships. ## The 8 Steps to Sovereign Consulting **Summary:** This chunk outlines the eight key steps to building a sovereign consultancy, from committing to your time to automating lead flow and stacking recurring revenue. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Eight steps to sovereign consulting: 1) Commit to your time. 2) Sell yourself on your unique mechanism. 3) Create and validate a $3,000 offer. 4) Make three sales from a Google Doc. 5) Create a customer offer that converts 5% to clients. 6) Hold a workshop. 7) Build an aspirational identity. 8) Automate lead flow and stack recurring revenue. ## Q&A: Selling Consulting Hours and Package Formats **Summary:** This Q&A exchange clarifies the sales process for consulting hour packages, emphasizing organic conversations and a simple sales page rather than traditional sales calls. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Consulting hour packages are often sold organically through inquiries. A simple sales page outlining the packages and pricing can be sufficient, eliminating the need for traditional sales calls. Many inquiries for consulting hours convert to community membership due to the longer-term support offered. ## Q&A: Selling from a Google Doc and Clarifying the Process **Summary:** This Q&A exchange clarifies the process of "selling from a Google Doc," explaining it as a simple call to action after presenting the offer within the document. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** "Selling from a Google Doc" involves presenting the offer within the document and then providing a simple call to action, inviting prospects to join the community or asking if they have any questions. This straightforward approach can be highly effective. ## Q&A: Annual Pricing vs. Weekly Flexibility and Client Churn **Summary:** This Q&A exchange discusses the benefits of weekly pricing for flexibility and reducing client churn, allowing clients to choose their own adventure and easily adjust their commitment level. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Weekly pricing offers flexibility, allowing clients to adjust their commitment level and choose their own adventure. This can reduce churn, as clients can downgrade to a lower tier rather than leaving entirely. This flexibility also benefits the consultant, allowing for easier management of client fit and suitability. ## Q&A: Weekly Pricing Psychology and Ease of Entry **Summary:** This Q&A exchange explores the psychology behind weekly pricing, suggesting it makes longer-term commitments feel less daunting and easier to get started with. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Weekly pricing can make longer-term commitments feel less daunting, as clients can focus on shorter-term costs and evaluate their ROI before committing further. This ease of entry can increase conversions and client satisfaction. ## Q&A: WhatsApp Group vs. Skool Group and Community Access Levels **Summary:** This Q&A exchange clarifies the different levels of community access, explaining the roles of the Skool group, WhatsApp group, and various calls for different tiers. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** The Skool group serves as the core community, offering access to the classroom and community calls. The Syndicate tier includes calls with James and access to a WhatsApp group for faster feedback and connection. The Circle tier adds further access, including a private call and WhatsApp messaging. ## Q&A: Positioning Operations Consulting as a Make-More-Money Offer **Summary:** This Q&A exchange discusses how to position operations consulting as a make-more-money offer by focusing on the time saved and its potential for business growth, rather than just time back. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant

. The Syndicate tier includes calls with James and access to a WhatsApp group for faster feedback and connection. The Circle tier adds further access, including a private call and WhatsApp messaging. ## Q&A: Positioning Operations Consulting as a Make-More-Money Offer **Summary:** This Q&A exchange discusses how to position operations consulting as a make-more-money offer by focusing on the time saved and its potential for business growth, rather than just time back. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Operations consulting can be positioned as a make-more-money offer by focusing on the time saved and its potential ROI for business growth. Instead of simply selling "time back," articulate how that time can be used strategically to generate more revenue. Understanding the client's desired outcome for that time is crucial for crafting a compelling offer. ## Q&A: Defining the "Better Life" Offer and Identifying Client Desires **Summary:** This Q&A exchange explores the nuances of the "better life" offer, emphasizing the importance of defining what clients will do with their improved lives and connecting it to their core desires. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** "Better life" offers must define what clients will do with their improved lives. Connect the offer to their core desires and priorities. Instead of simply selling stress reduction, articulate how that reduced stress will enable them to achieve their deeper goals, whether it's more family time, career advancement, or charitable pursuits. ## Q&A: The Importance of Motion and Momentum in Client Success **Summary:** This Q&A exchange highlights the importance of putting clients in motion and maintaining momentum through small, progressive steps and consistent engagement. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Motion and momentum are key to client success. Small, progressive steps and consistent engagement keep clients moving forward. Focus on the next small win, building momentum and creating a custom of activity. Deadlines and scarcity tactics can also be effective in prompting action and commitment. ## Q&A: Timing Offers for Higher-Priced Services within a Community **Summary:** This Q&A exchange addresses the timing of higher-priced offers within a community, advising to make the offer sooner rather than later and trust your instincts about client readiness. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Offer higher-priced services within a community sooner rather than later. Trust your instincts about client readiness. Not all clients are created equal; some are ready to move faster and invest more. Making the offer allows those ready to step up to do so. ## Q&A: Selling as Service and Overcoming the Fear of Rejection **Summary:** This Q&A exchange reframes selling as a service, emphasizing the value of helping clients achieve their goals and overcoming the fear of rejection by depersonalizing the process. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Reframe selling as a service. Offering higher-priced services is a way to help clients achieve their goals faster. Overcome the fear of rejection by depersonalizing the process. A "no" simply means the client isn't ready or the offer isn't the right fit at that time. ## Q&A: Niching Down and Focusing Your Message **Summary:** This Q&A exchange clarifies the concept of niching, emphasizing that it's about narrowing your message, not necessarily your market, to achieve greater focus and attract the right clients. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant.txt **Content:** Niching is about narrowing your message, not necessarily your market. A focused message attracts the right clients, even if they fall outside your initial target demographic. By focusing on a specific problem and solution, you attract clients who resonate with that message, regardless of other demographics. ## Q&A: Selling Consulting Services Directly vs. Upgrading from Community **Summary:** This Q&A exchange discusses the strategy of primarily selling the community offer and then upgrading members to consulting, rather than selling consulting directly to the audience. Video Source:* Sovereign Consultant

. Gaps in content, offers, or distribution indicate areas for improvement. Use these gaps to identify opportunities to better serve your audience and grow your business. ## The Rhythm: Judging Offer Effectiveness and Long-Term Value **Summary:** This chunk advises against judging offer effectiveness solely on immediate sales, emphasizing the importance of long-term value and client engagement. Video Source:* The Rhythm.txt **Content:** Don't judge offer effectiveness solely on immediate sales. Consider long-term value and client engagement. A seemingly unsuccessful offer can still generate valuable leads and clients over time through workshops, community engagement, and relationship building. ## The Journey: From Door-to-Door Sales to Online Leverage **Summary:** This chunk recounts the early stages of James's business journey, highlighting the transition from door-to-door sales to leveraging the internet for lead generation. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** James's journey began with door-to-door sales, which highlighted the need for leverage. Discovering the potential of online lead generation led to learning SEO, web development, and pay-per-click advertising, demonstrating the power of leveraging technology. ## The Journey: The Value of Mentorship and External Expertise **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the importance of seeking external expertise and mentorship to accelerate learning and achieve greater results. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** Seeking external expertise and mentorship can significantly accelerate learning and results. A single conversation with someone knowledgeable can unlock new opportunities and insights, challenging the mindset of doing everything yourself. ## The Journey: Adapting to Market Changes and Embracing New Opportunities **Summary:** This chunk describes how a financial crisis forced a business pivot, leading to a new job at a startup and gaining experience in a fast-paced, two-sided marketplace. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** A financial crisis forced a business pivot, leading to a new job at a startup. This experience provided valuable insights into online marketing, product development, and managing a two-sided marketplace, demonstrating the importance of adapting to change. ## The Journey: The Power of Offers in Driving Business **Summary:** This chunk highlights the central role of offers in driving business interactions, emphasizing how crafting compelling offers is crucial for success, regardless of business size. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** Offers are the primary way people interact with businesses. Crafting compelling offers is crucial for success, regardless of business size. This includes how you describe, frame, and price your products and services. ## The Journey: From Employee to Consultant and the Value of Relationships **Summary:** This chunk describes the transition from employee to consultant, emphasizing the strategic advantage of making your former employer your first client. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** Transitioning from employee to consultant can be eased by making your former employer your first client. This provides a stable starting point and leverages existing relationships and knowledge. ## The Journey: The High Margins and Feedback Loop Challenge of Consulting **Summary:** This chunk explores the high margins of consulting but also the challenge of capturing value and creating a feedback loop when clients don't implement advice. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** Consulting offers high margins but presents the challenge of capturing value when clients don't implement advice. This lack of implementation breaks the feedback loop, hindering growth and preventing the accumulation of case studies and testimonials. ## The Journey: Creative Destruction and the Evolution of Ideas **Summary:** This chunk describes the process of creative destruction, taking valuable insights forward while discarding what no longer serves, leading to the development of new products and services. Video Source:* The journey.txt **Content:** Creative destruction involves taking valuable insights forward while discarding what no longer serves. This iterative process allows for continuous improvement and the development of new products and services based on market needs and personal growth. ## The Journey: Productizing Services for Efficiency and Growth **Summary:** This chunk emphasizes the power of productizing services to achieve revenue growth and focus, removing the variables of custom work and streamlining delivery

. So anything anything else that works really well that Lana North: I should be considering to open the doors or shine the light on James Kemp: With an install offer. The outreach can be pre assumed, which is. James Kemp: hey? I've got. I've got I've got space to get one project back on track. Thanks, Rennie. I've got pro. I've got space to get one project back on track in the next 4 weeks. James Kemp: Is your project at red or green at the moment Lana North: Yeah, yeah, cool. James Kemp: Because you can be hyper specific. Lana North: Yep. James Kemp: again. Michael and I talked about this on on Tuesday Syndicate call Going for no. James Kemp: Yes, and the the immediate disqualifier allows us to move on right. James Kemp: And 1 1 of your frustrations over the last 6 months is that long sales cycle that open Lana North: Maybe James Kemp: We'll find budget. We'll do this. I'll get decision maker right Lana North: Yeah, the more you have, the more maybes you have in the system, the more clogged the system is because you have hope. Lana North: Yeah. James Kemp: You're they they'll they might. They'll come in Lana North: I'd rather say I'd rather say No, if it's no, and then I'll move James Kemp: Yeah. So you can move on right? James Kemp: So anything that gets a no James Kemp: is just as valuable as getting a yes, because a decision is made Lana North: Yes. Yeah. James Kemp: So binary offers, which the only potential outcome is a yes or a no Lana North: Hmm. James Kemp: There is a not now Lana North: Which is still a no. James Kemp: If, if we own, if we control supply. James Kemp: binary offers will allow a business to to be in flow and in control James Kemp: far more than than offers the initiator. Maybe Lana North: Yeah. James Kemp: Because we're we're just switching it on and off and going. I've got 3 spots. James Kemp: but I'm talking to 10 people Lana North: Yep, yeah. Got it cool. That's helpful. Thank you. James Kemp: The toughest the toughest part of that is is that you are setting up to cultivate rejection James Kemp: in the form of nose right. James Kemp: and the common characteristic for people me and and others who trace it back is that James Kemp: I did door to door for 2 years in my own business right. James Kemp: I got a metric shit ton of nose, and I got decondition to them. James Kemp: and that helps me a lot because I can make binary offers and knows they don't. James Kemp: They don't move any emotional needle in me. James Kemp: because I don't. I don't take it as personal rejection Lana North: Yeah, correct attaching my personal meaning to it. James Kemp: That is one of the trade-offs of these type of businesses. James Kemp: right? And, candidly, a lot of people build James Kemp: armor around them in the form of salespeople, and and these and these things to inoculate themselves from rejection. James Kemp: A lot of people build businesses James Kemp: and build the system around them to inoculate themselves from that rejection because they they take it so personally. James Kemp: Every time something happens they're just on this James Kemp: fucking emotional our client left. Oh, my God, I'm useless. James Kemp: What my mom said when I was 5 was right. Oh, shit! Oh, fuck! Oh, my God! And then, Shut down for 2 days James Kemp: there is

[ __ ] :20 personally because I don't people don't pay attention to them and people they're always crafted in a way to manipulate :27 somebody lots of marketing I've got this case study format which says here's Bob and he made 100 Grand and :33 these are the three steps he took to do it and I find that it replicates much better for people to go that could be me :39 and the proof Factor philosophy is who are you what do you believe what's your worldview and those things :45 and occasionally being pretty polarizing in there State what you believe nowadays in the safest possible :51 way maybe not everything you believe but the things that are definitely digestible and then problem which is you :57 know the functional solving of the of the pains that people are in in front of them and giving them assets to do it or or solving a problem with them so :04 let's talk about how to stand out yeah so you're creating content short medium long right stuff that disappears in a :09 Day stuff that has some lasting effect and stuff that people can binge they've got the Frameworks proof :15 philosophy what was the third one problem problem perfect how do people :20 stand out yeah because they can listen to everything we're talking about they're I started the podcast and it's not working I think it's what's :26 really important to to note for anyone who stumbled on this I know cuz this is what it gets into the real Nuance of the :32 person exactly so people who might have stumbled onto this need to know neither of us sell with sales calls yeah so the :39 cheapest thing I sell is 18 Grand I think yours is probably similar and it happens without a sales call and :46 these aren't old leads these aren't people that have followed me for 5 years some of these people 5 days into my world but they done the total attention :53 time they've gone deep and Etc the key that I I'll just mention some of the feedback that I get is to why people :59 work with me is and I never used to get this feedback this is all this year when I really focused in on it so one of :07 the things I I hear a lot is I don't really know why you're standing out :12 I've been really loving your content but I feel there's something different about your energy right and this can :18 come down to silly things we joked earlier a few months ago early this year about me buying chickens and so I'm :25 living here in barley we live a very similar life but I have chickens and you don't that makes us different :30 people to other people's perception a only a certain type of person has :36 chickens you've got a dog but if you had a cat you'd be a certain type of person that if you shared that online it would :42 be a differentiator right if you were the exact same person but you're here was blue if you bleached blue :48 here the perception of who you are would change you could be saying the same things but :54 people perceive you in a different way so one of the mistakes those people make is they try and pretend to be someone :00 they're not so they go oh Dan's got chickens I'm going to buy a chicken and I'm going to post a photo on mine and :05 that's a stupid example of things people do all the time they get the Miami Penthouse they get the Rolex they're :10 having cigars with the boys they're taking whatever it might be they see what someone else is done and they replicate it but the problem is it's :17 what what works is authenticity yeah so talk to us about how people can :22 stand out more not just through being b or smarter but being more of :28 themselves the old topic of being yourself is the infinite the infinite game roide yeah it's Pandora's :34 Box and you're but my my

Identify the time, who will use it, and give them the process. They have to do some labor. Otherwise, they buy courses. They don't buy group programs because they're not time efficient. They buy things one step away from done-for-you, but more economically viable. Alex is good at setting up Zoom and pixels. The sovereign blueprint is built on principles: 2 days a week, dinner with kids, nothing scheduled Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. Coaching is helping people discover the answer inside them. Consulting is giving someone the answer. Mentorship is showing someone how I would do it. A creator conjures original ideas, a curator assembles the best ideas. If I do these things, this is how they come into fruition: share content, grow leads, create workshops, sell tickets, make it easy to get started, maximize client experience and LTV, build a client base, find those who value coaching. Hierarchy: maximum 24 people in the circle at $750/week, maximum 100 in the syndicate at $250/week, no maximum for membership. Many people intend to work with you. The key is making offers that get people to commit. Maybes kill progress. Offer-driven businesses don't get maybes. The strongest intent is purchasing. Understand their intent. When someone buys a $9 ticket, did they do it to get what was in the workshop, to run workshops, or because they're fed up? Most won't buy your coaching. The most efficient business has a range of offers. The sovereign blueprint: 2 days a week, $1M net/year, run on my own. Because workshops are one component of the sovereign blueprint. The judgment of a workshop is understood by looking at the marketplace. Most people won't buy. Most won't become clients. Most marketing filters through a thousand to find one unicorn client. The realities of market dynamics: not everyone will buy your stuff. Leverage is identifying who is likely to buy, who will buy regularly, and who would find further access useful. Customers are one-off transactions, clients are allocated time, energy, and resources. What people say and what people do are different. The key to an efficient business is making offers that get people to commit. Maybes kill progress. Offer-driven businesses don't get maybes. Purchasing demonstrates intent. Understand their intent. Most of the market won't buy your coaching. I operate within the power laws. Only so many will pay over $3k/month, and I can only coach so many effectively. I can mentor more, and information is infinitely scalable. I work backwards from what clients need. I sell workshop tickets by defining what my circle needs. I create for clients, give them proximity and access, insight and some access, and information. I turn creations into products, create customers, and invite them to become clients. I've got a call as an option. Create workshops for clients, sell tickets to customers. Pricing isn't irrelevant, but relatively unimportant. Any purchase is a trust signal. Purchasing has friction. Four types of offers: money offers and live a better life offers. $100 workshops work for money offers, $25-$50 for live a better life offers. Pricing is a dial for volume. The best thing about a workshop is it's a singular component. I produce a Google Doc and go live. To dial up clients, add a bonus call. Solve a single problem, deliver a single result. Sell them what they want, give them what they need. I trick my clients into coming by making it sound more fun. I'm a big proponent of selling the next thing, making it sound great, but delivering what they need. Magic pills sell. Frame it magically while staying ethical. If you're experienced, you can take more risks testing new ideas. I believe people's time is precious

[ __ ] detectors :42 yeah well I I so finely tuned I'm in the process of moving doctors right now and so I've been dealing with thyroid :48 stuff and I'm trying to find this guy and I sent I sent him to to a friend and I was do :53 anything about this guy and he's I know almost nothing but the stuff that I've seen I believe you really believes :59 it and I just think he has awesome energy and just intuitively it feels the right move for you and I was :04 that's really interesting and then we went on this rant of talking about energy and picking people's up :10 picking up people's intention and congruence and authenticity and so before anyone thinks that their job now :17 if they're a fitness coach is to post their business plan to Facebook of I'm :23 I'm at 10K a month and I want to get to 30k a month and the people who the single Ms who want to lose weight that the say clientele don't don't care what :30 you're really talking about is also motivation and why and authenticity and congruence because one of the clients :35 that I work with works with people in I can't remember what the language is but it's you're in :41 physical pain but it's neurological right so it's sematic pain relief or something that and he is so :47 passionate about what he does because he helped his mom heal chronic pain through his process and so that's his :53 whole motivation I've had worked with someone else before who was a weight loss coach who helped his mom lose :58 150 pounds and saved your life and so there's that particular piece that I think is really key which is that :04 if you're just showing up as someone on the internet trying to sell something you lose the ability to connect with people to a deep level because people :10 want to know why you're doing what you're doing yeah let's talk about some practicals around tone and :16 personality so you I was showing you my AI bot before the the Dan AI and I'm so :21 excited to roll that to client it's it's hundreds of hours of my it's been trained on hundreds of hours of my :27 content but what it's missing is tone so I'm almost happy with it it :33 says stuff that I wish I would say or I did say once upon a time that I forgot right but it's missing tone and so it :40 doesn't sound me MH one of the things that I found that really interesting when I first started on :46 the online space was LinkedIn especially was this hilarious place where people :52 pretended to be someone they weren't and so you would look at their profile and it was advisor investor five times :57 founder and then you do a sales call do dot dot they're yeah I'm working parttime at a tire shop and you're :04 what's going on that's an extreme example of something that people do is that I find I hang out with some :09 people and I'm surprised at how much I them or vice versa and because the version of who they are :16 online and the version of who they are in real life the real them is there's this huge Connect Now obviously there's :22 levels of people overthinking things imposter syndrome what will people think of me but talk to me about :28 how you think about tone because I think neither of us take each other or ourselves very seriously we're :34 constantly talking crap and not in just a silly way but just it we're not we're not afraid to point fun at :40 ourselves we laugh at each other talk to me about how tone plays into standing out online I think that :49 it all roads lead back to that self-esteem and that comfort thing as well the I'm pretty dry right and :57 I'm right that and I speak that and I am that right your your

to write jokes the problem was not my type of humor right so now when I'm funny it's always exactly the :42 same as I am in real life which is in the moment yeah right and so it's just through the repetitions and the practice :48 that I think people need to commit to in order to get to that place of as :54 funny as it sounds it takes practice to be yourself it really does and also if :00 people really want it they've got to understand whether the trade-offs are worth it that I I hear people say a lot :07 I want to have a coaching or Consulting business but I don't want to put myself out there the only :13 alternative path to that is lots of money for ads right so you either use :18 the energy of connection or use the energy of money mhm both of them :23 put you out there both of them put messages that resonate with people that they respond to that come towards you so :29 if you'd rather do the path of doing the Reps and going organic and :35 publishing content then you've got to put yourself out there if you'd rather do the path of getting ads and putting people through funnels and :41 nurturing them and taking the time to do that then you got to put money in yeah there there's there's not a third :47 path yeah so make the choice so let's talk about team so firstly team is to Choose Your Own :53 Adventure and that if you sell via calls yeah versus DMS if you do all the coaching yourself or you get a coach :59 that's a variable right I would say we both agree that you should get a virtual assistant y ASAP y if you don't have an :07 assistant you are an assistant as our friend Tony Fraser Jones once told me yeah right so I think day day one :13 you could find 30 minutes a day of admin to get in a virtual assistant yeah where do the pressure come on the most :19 for people typically when scaling is it is it firstly on the sales side or the :25 coaching side yeah so the two the two gaps come up first are a skills gap which is I've run out of ways :31 I've run out of knowledge or ability to do this so I need to go and find somebody to do it or a time or a time :37 one so that generally when people are at the beginning one or both both of those show :44 up and that that's that's pretty challenging to navigate but the first I I agree with the first h VA but :51 then the next tire should be where is the bottleneck right do you this is :57 the key way to think about it people it's not just oh the second higher as always is this person here's the :02 perfect dog chat the the where is the bottleneck and where is the bottleneck where that you can step out of and you :09 know and solve the bottleneck through the process of a human or Contracting someone so it's the bottleneck at the front with leads and sales sorry is it :16 at the front with with leads is it in the Middle with sales or is it the end with delivery right and then it's :22 do you hire a coach or a conci you've got a couple of choices there do you hire a saleson a closer to do more :29 to do more reps or do you hire someone to get in the DMS run leads run funnels and get leads and :36 convert them into prospects yeah so it's it's a bottleneck analysis as the :41 the first major hire if you because the virtual assistant is relatively easy to find you might go through two or three but the biggest thing I see :49 with virtual assistant is the Rel L inexpensive in the world that we're in and people are I don't have enough :54 work for them to do and you're you said the average virtual assistant :00 30 minutes an hour a day you're paying them to

. This allows clients to naturally ascend to higher value tiers based on their needs and desires for access and speed. ## Cash Velocity and Revenue Volatility: Smoothing the Path to Growth **Summary:** Kemp stresses the importance of lowering revenue volatility to reduce emotional stress and improve business performance. He recommends reverse engineering from your financial goals and incorporating one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Recurring revenue businesses are robust, but recurring revenue doesn't always arrive as expected. Lowering revenue volatility reduces emotional stress and improves operational efficiency. Reverse engineer from your financial goals and use one-time offers to boost cash flow while building recurring revenue. This allows for a sustainable pace and smoother growth. ## Offer Creation and Validation: The Hybrid Offer and Client Feedback **Summary:** Kemp explains the hybrid offer model, which involves a single offer with multiple products at varying price points and durations. He emphasizes the importance of a clear promise, process, and plan, and using client feedback to refine the offer. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** The hybrid offer sells across a range of prices and times with a single offer. Focus on a clear promise, process, and plan, allowing prospects to envision their future. Prioritize clarity over complexity; many offers fail due to being indigestible. Validate your offer by getting it in front of 10 people and aiming for 3 sales. Use feedback, especially from those who say "no," to refine your offer. In early stages, a "no" is valuable data. ## Leveraging Existing Assets and Networks for Offer Validation **Summary:** Kemp encourages leveraging existing networks and assets for initial offer validation, emphasizing that an audience and a network are the same in the early stages. He advises testing the offer with a simple message and listening intently to prospect feedback. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** For offer validation, leverage your existing network: past clients, email lists, social media connections, current leads, partners, and personal contacts. Test your offer with a simple message, focusing on the promise and making it easy to get started. This is a listening exercise; gather data on how people respond. "Ghosting" often indicates a lack of clarity in the offer. ## Refining Your Offer: Clarity, Brevity, and Context through Content **Summary:** Kemp advises focusing offers on the client's transformation, not your own story. He stresses the importance of brevity and clarity, using content to provide context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Offers should focus on the client's transformation, not your past achievements. Brevity and clarity are key; the offer is a bridge to their future state. Use content to build context and pre-sell the process and mechanisms. By the time they reach the offer, they should already believe you can solve their problem. Focus on the promise and what happens *to them*. ## Creating Compelling Offers: Empathy, Tangibility, and Relief **Summary:** Kemp emphasizes empathy in understanding client desires, highlighting the importance of selling an experience and articulating a tangible, better tomorrow. He advises focusing on selling relief and making the offer a bridge to that relief. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Empathy is crucial for understanding client desires. Sell an experience, not just features. Make the offer tangible by describing the physical experience of the desired outcome or the removal of the problem. Focus on selling reliefa better tomorrowand make the offer a clear path to that relief. Tangibility and a clear vision make offers easy to sell. ## Offer Distinction and Positioning: Standing Out in Competitive Markets **Summary:** Kemp discusses the importance of offer distinction in competitive markets, suggesting focusing on being the easiest option if you can't be the best

. Sell an experience, not just features. Make the offer tangible by describing the physical experience of the desired outcome or the removal of the problem. Focus on selling reliefa better tomorrowand make the offer a clear path to that relief. Tangibility and a clear vision make offers easy to sell. ## Offer Distinction and Positioning: Standing Out in Competitive Markets **Summary:** Kemp discusses the importance of offer distinction in competitive markets, suggesting focusing on being the easiest option if you can't be the best. He advises using unique naming and framing the offer as an "install" to reduce the perception of labor. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** In competitive markets, distinction is key. If you can't be the best, be the easiest. Use unique naming and frame your offer as an "install," reducing the perception of labor. Develop a monopoly on your unique mechanism or process. Content builds context, establishing your expertise and making the offer a natural next step. ## Pricing for Conversions and Economics: The Path of Least Resistance **Summary:** Kemp advocates for pricing that maximizes conversions and economics, often meaning being among the cheapest but most accessible in the market. He advises against high pricing driven by ego and emphasizes the power of $100 offers. Video Source:* source: 3k per week.txt **Content:** Price for maximum conversions and economics. Accessibility is key; often, the cheapest offers are the most effective. Avoid inflated pricing driven by ego or status seeking. There's a magic to $100 offers; they work exceptionally well. Focus on delivering value and earning the right to experiment with higher pricing later. ## The 6-Month Plan: Principles, Playbooks, and Client Ascension **Summary:** Kemp outlines a 6-month plan for building a sustainable, scalable business, focusing on the principles of market selection, offer creation, and client ascension. He introduces playbooks for execution and emphasizes the importance of volume and speed in skill development. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The plan involves selecting the right market, creating a compelling offer, and building an ecosystem for client ascension. Playbooks provide actionable steps. Volume and speed enhance skill development; the more you do, the faster you learn and improve. Focus on leveraged actions that compound over time. Everything works with enough volume and iteration. ## Managing Expectations and Pacing: Sustainable Growth and Reduced Volatility **Summary:** Kemp advises setting a sustainable pace and managing expectations, emphasizing the importance of slow, steady growth to reduce volatility and avoid burnout. He recommends using time as a variable and focusing on the process, not just the outcome. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Define a sustainable pace. Processes take time; reverse engineer from your goals and set a pace you can sustain. Manage expectations, especially around speed of return. Slow, steady growth reduces volatility and prevents burnout. Use time to your advantage; the slower you grow, the higher your revenue floor and the lower your volatility. ## Dynamic Offers and Client Lifetime Value: Maximizing Potential **Summary:** Kemp discusses maximizing client lifetime value by offering multiple tiers and crediting previous investments. He encourages open communication about different program levels and making upgrades and downgrades natural and tension-free. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Display different program levels early and often. Credit previous investments to encourage upgrades. This injects potential energy into the system and makes ascension conversations easier. Make it personal and work out custom payment plans based on credits. This approach maximizes client lifetime value and fosters long-term relationships. ## Addressing Client Questions and Objections: Handling "Not Now" **Summary:** Kemp advises addressing client questions directly and handling objections by taking the offer off the table, creating space for honest feedback. He emphasizes the value of a "not now" response and using it as an opportunity for further conversation

. And they all compound, right? ## Building a Sociological Brand: Identity, Mechanism, and Messaging **Summary:** A successful sociological brand needs a unique mechanism for client results, a clear identity clients aspire to, and content that offers glimpses into your past, present, and future. Actively repelling those who aren't your ideal client is also crucial. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** At a practical level, when we have chosen and or not chosen, answered the calling, then layering over practical things is the path forward because it manifests those ideas out into the marketplace. Right? So very simply, we have an identity that we can help people transform into and escape the place that they're in and fulfill their desires. We are very clear about what happens when people step into our world. We are very clear about what transformations they undergo, and we are very clear about what they are currently experiencing that they're dissatisfied with, because we know those things already, because they are often part of us. The second, I'd say maybe the first, but one of the critical pieces is having a mechanism that gets a client result in the marketplace of ideas. Being unique is better than being better, right? So having a unique mechanism is a crucial attention seeker and, and, and it allows us to sell the idea of the transformation before the transformation is necessarily undertaken, undertaken or taken place inside our world that we call a client, right? So we need a unique mechanism. We have to be clear about the identity that we, that we have, all the way, maybe to all the way, practically to labeling that, that identity. And we're clear about where people are coming from and doing that, and then we wrap a world around that, and we expose what we are comfortable with in that journey to tell those two stories that A, you're someone who can help transform people, and B, you have a way to do it through your unique mechanism. So you're letting people glimpse into the past, your current present, and a future through the content you produce. Right? And if you want proper depth in this, and I encourage you to go back, I've encouraged a few people to go back and watch it, to understand more depth in it. And I will, I will also do this again in, in 2025 in terms of, to expand on the brand and authority and world building and identity and mechanism, because they are the scaffolding and the framework that hangs off everything. Go and watch the authority which is in the, in the community. The piece that is counterintuitive, but will naturally happen through the course of this, is that you are clear who you are not for, and you actively repel them in your message. Right? And this, repelling does not need to be explicit, right? It can just take a counter position and a narrative on something that is potentially controversial, or is obvious that it will initiate disagreement in a sector or subsector of the market. A working example of that is yesterday I made a video and wrote something about coaching being dead. And it's not, but it's a good headline, and I talked about mentorship. So I drew attention to a point and a, and a semantic point that I wanted to make through the polarization of a whole group of people who want to argue that coaching definitely isn't dead, and they're definitely very good coaches and why can't I see that, etc., etc. And I'm not participating in the argument, but I'm just talking to the people now who are, thank you for reframing some things that I've seen and thought and heard, but I haven't been able to articulate. And can we talk about that a lot more because I took a position on something, right, and I'm not here to argue with the people who want to argue for it

., etc. And I'm not participating in the argument, but I'm just talking to the people now who are, thank you for reframing some things that I've seen and thought and heard, but I haven't been able to articulate. And can we talk about that a lot more because I took a position on something, right, and I'm not here to argue with the people who want to argue for it. I'm here to talk to the people who want to understand that more and how it might ultimately might apply to them. So we take positions in the marketplace that we strongly believe and we can stand on, not to be contrarian and controversial for any particular attention seeking reason, just to surface and articulate things that we know people are thinking to enable a conversation around. So in summary, the checklist is you have at least one unique mechanism, you craft an identity that clients aspire to become, you are letting them glimpse into your past, present, and future through content you produce, and you are clear who you are not for, and actively repelling your message. ## The Power of Transparency and Truth in Content **Summary:** In a low-trust environment, transparency is key. Honest and truthful content, even if not perfectly crafted, attracts the right people by authentically showcasing your experience and values. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** The nature of the game these days is, in a low trust environment, is transparency. Communication doesn't need to be good if communication is total. And saying that another way, you don't need to be a good copywriter, or have the skills of content creation, or editing, or making things look pretty or anything, if you are prepared to tell the truth in your content. If you are prepared to tell the unvarnished truth, you don't need to be a wordsmith. You don't need to be articulate. You don't even need to be charismatic. You just need to be honest and true, and people will see that, and they will, they will be attracted towards it because you, you are, you are showing, as much as you can through the, through the methodology of digital content, the true experience of what it would be to be you and ultimately be around you. So the framework of this and the lens that we look through is, if we do this and we commit to it, we sell people on ideas, right? If people are sold on those ideas, they will ultimately be simultaneously sold on us, and ultimately the right people will be simultaneously sold on working with us. Right? I don't do much selling of offers. I do a lot of selling of ideas which then enables me to easily invite people into my offers. I get comments regularly that I just make it look easy and effortless, and it's because of this, because I don't sell, I don't push, I don't coerce, I don't close, because I put my energy into insight, coming out with ideas, helping people apply them, making them work for myself, demonstrating those, and people see those ideas, and over a long enough period of time, the right people say, can I have some help with that? Right? ## The Bedrock of an Effortless High-Velocity Business **Summary:** The key to a successful business is focusing on selling ideas, not offers. By demonstrating valuable insights and their application, you attract the right clients who naturally seek your help. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** Right?, the famous question, this is the bedrock of not everything, but this is the bedrock of having an effortless high velocity business and whatever, domain it is. The semantics around coaching, consulting, and, and mentorship will, go well beyond my, my death. But, I'll be there for the, I'll be there for the discussion

. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So if we have ways and lenses to look at maximizing client value, then the clients will settle in their natural place relative to all the different factors, and timing is a huge one as well. Right, desire to pay, levels of access, how much they value proximity to you or your team, or whatever your setup is, and how fast they ultimately want to go. So I've started looking at client relationships in the, in the, not in terms of interpersonal relationships, but in terms of value based relationships where a value transfer happens between information and access and money through the lens of annualized value. So that allows us to create an ecosystem. When, after we make the first sale, we put the effort into making it easy to start and easy to get going. Then the client can find their natural place in our ecosystem because we've built it in such a way. So we can do this by conceptualizing revenue buckets that clients can fit into in the process, and that makes filling up these buckets natural. Do not, I think my drawings getting worse, not better. I think, I think I need to take some iPad pills or something, but do not get hung up on the numbers, understand it as a concept, right? And so when we're looking at, when we're looking at revenue buckets, the earlier you are in the journey, and I've put, I've put constraints on this in terms of bounds of a million, 3 million, 6 million. The earlier you are on the journey, the narrower and smaller you want those individual buckets. So we start from, if you're looking at on a scale in the middle. So we have a small number of buckets that we fill up with ultimately with clients. We can do that with a singular offer. We can do that with the hybrid offer plus a couple of things that I'm going to talk about to ultimately fill up those buckets to keep it simple. The, the larger the business and the larger your goals and the larger the scale you achieve, the more you have to expand those buckets. Right? I'm now exploring the outer bounds of this concept where I have clients who, who are exceeding a hundred thousand dollars annualized value, and I am being forced to come up with ways to serve them and the desires and the problems they have. Right? So that is client driven.

. So we use the hybrid offer and the stack, we can show people the potential path forward. So what I have done and what I have experimented with and nailed in my own business, and then helped people apply, is I have very power law based experience because the next step for people is always natural, so that has led to very, very high average client value. And that's also led to very high retention because I have a myth, a methodology which allows people to naturally move forward to the place that they need to be, but also naturally move backwards to settle at a level without them ultimately leaving a community or a product or, etc. And saying in other ways, I've worked out how to get the most amount of money out of clients while delivering, out of clients for delivering the maximum result. And I've also worked out a way to pretty much ensure that most people don't leave because they have something for them. So scenario one, a common scenario: They join the community, they pay in full off the back of, an offer, they enjoy the experience, I credit that experience against the syndicate, and they step up into it. I credit the full experience. I work out a custom payment for them based on the credit, so they're not paying the full amount. They feel that they've got a credit, which is again potential energy in there, and they step up into the syndicate, and they're on a lower payment than they would be at a market rate, and they've got that natural experience. That is a very common flow, just by crediting what someone has previously purchased against the next step. Right? And I'm in the process of engineering that across the board in the business to make that natural. So anybody, no matter how long they've been in there, can benefit from, from that progress in that state, so they can settle in their naturals, in their natural place. That also, this also means that in the inverse, that someone could join the syndicate for a period of time and step back down to the community because under the, the nature of that offer, they might spend 3 months in the syndicate, and then they step down, and they've still got, 9 or 8 months, in the community, and they're still ultimately there and part of it. Right? ## Leveraging Small Initial Investments for High Client Value **Summary:** By strategically structuring your ecosystem and crediting previous purchases, you can transform small initial commitments into significantly higher value client relationships. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So this is another scenario that's played out. And so that, that scenario there has an annualized value of about $20,000 for a person if they stay for the whole duration of that. that's the, the actual ultimate example. Bear in mind, the first touch point that that person had when joining my world was they were probably attracted by someone, something that said, "Join for a hundred dollars." So I have taken that commitment or that interest of a figure around a hundred dollars and then established that the client will spend $20,000, right? There's an order of magnitude different in the actual client value. And this is why we isolate that when we look at offers, we isolate the ability to convert someone versus having an ecosystem that they step into where they ultimately expand. There are plenty of people who have gone through the classic ascension from me, who have downloaded a free lead magnet, bought a $10 book, joined $100 a week community, and then ascended all the way up to the Circle at $800 a week. So again, same scenario, client joins the community, then moves between levels based on how much proximity and access they need at the time. And again, this is a real scenario

that doesn't exist yet for someone and then allowing them to be Rel make it relevant to themselves so the the the low level the the surface level is is selling money the secondary level is is is selling time to some degree and the infinite game is is is is being in in the market to sell energy and then using the modalities that we have to to do that and in terms of service and delivery there's there's only really four and you just mix those modalities based on your Skool set four modalities to sell energy you mean four modal to serve so we've got coaching Consulting mentorship and Service delivery right and Service delivery is just I'll do this thing for you and it it is nothing else I I'll do this thing for you I will spend $110,000 a month on Facebook ads for you to this funnel and this will happen you will have leads in your calendar and you call them on the telephone right yeah and it and it ends there we wrap a lot of stuff around it but service delivery is just doing something for somebody mentorship mentorship is this is how I would do it so my high level mentorship is people asking me how I think about things and how I've done things in the past that have got success that they want to replicate and I say this is how I do it this is how I think about it Consulting is telling people how to do something and then in the modern pance of consult Consulting is it's doing it with them so your traces of knowledge are left after you stop Consulting your system your ideas your philosophy is left there because you've done it with them and it's been embedded in the in the business got it and coaching has helped someone see that they've already got the things inside them to do the required action help someone see and give them Insight enough to get them to do the thing that they need to do that they're telling you that that we ultimately move them forward and we switch between those modalities naturally a lot of agencies do a ton of Consulting but they don't get paid for it and that's a gigantic opportunity for almost every agency to have a Consulting level in their business that just does Consulting and monetizes it because it's very high margin and high value work and business and so people are unconsciously do change between those modalities when they they're being a coach or even being an agency owner or being a consultant but those modalities when you understand the the what they are and how to deploy them that it opens up a world of opportunity about how you can use them either as individual products sell them as individual products but also serve people better in that time you've been on my on my group calls with folks and I and I ask permission to consult to them if I've got time and space I'll coach someone because that will leave the longest lasting Legacy because they they'll be able to do it themselves if we don't have time and they and they're floundering around as can I just consult you and tell you the answer and you going and do it and 99 times out of 100 they say yes right because they're looking to they're looking for the the life raft out of it but when you use these modalities you can serve people a lot better but in the process of that you serve yourself a lot better you serve yourself a lot better is that what you said yeah because Serving yourself you're because why why are you serving yourself better with those modalities because you're setting the correct expectations and life and a and a and a human world is about expectations and if you don't if you if you coach someone to do something but you're telling them what they want and what to do and you think you're coaching them but you're Consulting to them you're setting an expectation that this thing is going to be right for them rather than allowing to discover it themselves and that will Downstream have an effect on their application of that piece their their their results from it and ultimately their desire to continue it

. There are plenty of people who have gone through the classic ascension from me, who have downloaded a free lead magnet, bought a $10 book, joined $100 a week community, and then ascended all the way up to the Circle at $800 a week. So again, same scenario, client joins the community, then moves between levels based on how much proximity and access they need at the time. And again, this is a real scenario. One of my one-on-one clients finished this week, and as, dropped back down to a level that we both agree is right from after, a 10 week period of, of one-on-one. So joins the community, goes to the syndicate, goes to the circle, opts for a period of one-on-one, then comes back to the circle, right? So we ultimately have, someone who is worth $51,000 across 52 weeks because we have places to take them and places to go. Two different examples, four people at two different distinct stages. But ultimately, if we look at an ecosystem where we're looking at annualized value, and then our offers naturally fit together, what we stand to do is, is find the maybe half a dozen clients who are currently paying a few hundred or a few thousand dollars and establish that they are, they have a propensity to pay there, of a willingness to pay, and they have a desire for speed or something to be done right now that transforms them into 10 or 20 or 30 or 40 or $50,000 relationships. In my experience, in a client, in a, in a cohort of clients, if you've got 10 of them, one of those people is probably prepared to pay a hundred times more than they're currently paying. And so having an ecosystem and understanding that is a dramatic change in the business because the power laws are extreme, absolutely extreme., I'm knocking on the door of 40 people who have contributed half my revenue this year. And if you look at the whole client base, that isn't 80/20, that isn't 90/10. It's somewhere in the region of 94/6 or something that as a power law ratio., 6% of the clients are ultimately contributing half the revenue. It's, it's not even close to linear, right? ## Practical Steps for Implementing an Ecosystem **Summary:** Communicate your various program levels early and often, making them real in your marketing and content. Crediting previous investments towards future purchases injects potential energy into the system, encouraging client ascension. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So in terms of, today's not intended to be too practical, it's, understand the principles behind it. But a practical piece is engineering. This is rooted in displaying the levels early and often. Again, what you've seen me demonstrate is I talk about my client programs a lot. I make them real, and I make them thing, I make them real in my marketing, in my content. I make them real inside the communities, and I make people aware that they ultimately exist. And if I display the levels early and often, it means people have an understanding of the ecosystem and that they can either move upwards and get more access to me, but also move downwards for, at, at different times. So simply, the more I communicate it and the more I talk about the different programs and those things and reference them and, and, and, even talk about them in, in a, in a semi mechanistic way, clients know there are different levels inside, and it makes that upgrade or that downgrade conversation very easy and very natural without any tension and without any fear of losing anything, or fear of being sold to as well

and understanding that if you're an orthodontist who you know in this initial period if you're work an extra 10 hours a week in the future you'll get 20 hours a week back :04 to play golf that's a different conversation right it's putting the truth on the table and saying as you'll :10 agree Mr business owner this requires investment we we require investment of time we require investment of money but :17 you'll get this back in multiples down the track because we Elevate you from operator to chairman in the business and :24 he's going ah I'm an operator right now I'd love to be a chairman but I need to invest something in the way so it is :31 getting the truth on the table and saying these are the things that you want these are the this is the price we :37 have to pay to some degree in the short term but this is the payoff because when you become the the the the orthodontist :45 chairman then then they start to go yeah I'm just chairman of the board and I'm playing golf and you :52 know I'm not I'm not there in there day today pushing the buttons and chasing the payments and and those pieces so the :58 identity layer in in marketing if you and in terms of positioning is :05 one that's often neglected because we focus on the functional things that :10 people do in the short term but when you start introducing that future identity piece about selling people on and you :16 know indicating who they become not only do you convert more people in the front end because you're taking away the risk :23 of change but you also get better buying in the application of that delivery because everybody's agreed that there's :29 a bigger payoff at the end because everybody's up leveled in the process of doing it got it so it's about figuring :36 out what that vision is so that you can paint it for your client it's not figuring out is giving it to them :43 because the brutal truth is most people LA Vision for themselves and for their lives but if you can paint a picture :48 that's desirable to them at least put lead them toward the promised land and and and they understand it and :55 what the alod dontist might find that he starts playing golf but he's better off that he loved :00 volunteering at the dog shelter but you gave him the space and the time to do that but via a mutual :06 investment and you both and you both committed to play the game so so giving them a future identity is about :12 spelling that out about what they become and who they become and then allowing that allowing that to unfold and :18 allowing them to discover it I have a concept called The Sovereign consultant I have that's a I'm :24 selling people on being a sovereign consultant who makes a million dollars profit a year in two days a week with :31 65 clients or less right what when you get there how you do it what you want to enjoy in the teams if you :37 want to work three days a week go for it but at least we got to it at least we agreed on the on the on the endpoint and :45 and we both understand that the map is in the terrain and the system I give people is is a coloring book :51 that you buy I give you guidelines and boundaries and don't color outside that line but the Stop Needing, Start Attracting :59 colors you put in in in between are completely up to you yeah and final sorry with with help :08 of course and guidance yeah yeah of course final question there how do you put :14 in your Outreach or your content I'm thinking of someone :20 who messaged me last week hey Katen if I if I could add $50,000 a month to what :28 you're doing if it's $50,000 a month in your business and in the next 60 :35 days my my immediate thought and I

> "I will credit all previous investment that you've got against this next thing,"
, you are writing a check and putting it in their hand, right? Money and credits are potential energy. The, you'll see this happen this month at Christmas time when those people who are impossible to buy for, or children who live miles away from their grandparents, get gift cards. When my kids get gift cards for something, they are stored up potential energy, 
> "I want to go to the shop and spend. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go,"
 right? They have potential spending power that they have been given, and they want to use it. My children are not alone in that. Adults also do that where the potential energy that you can still, that you can give people by giving them a credit for their previous investment is stored up and allows them to use it. Some will use it immediately, and some will store it up well into the future. I have hundreds of thousands of dollars of potential energy stored up across my customer and client base that will just slow, that slowly be deployed. It was deployed yesterday. I credited against a 5K experience. I credited 2,400, and they paid 2,600, right? Potential energy stored up and, and then is utilized, which then creates more cash flow into the business. ## Offer Structure for Different Revenue Goals **Summary:** For a $1 million goal, one offer with two levels and a clear ascension path is sufficient. As revenue goals increase, develop a front-end offer and an inner circle for a larger client base. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** So what do we need? On the way to 1 million, we need one offer with two levels, right? And then if you have, have a, a simple ascension between those two levels, and potentially, extras with that people can purchase hours, or done for you, or anything that as a one-off, then you have everything you need to get to that milestone. As we expand into higher revenue levels, we need a higher, a higher degree of conversion out of the audience. So we need to develop a front-end offer, and we need to develop some inner circle once our client base exceeds 40 to 50 people. Again, I'll talk about the exact things and, and the plan next week that these, this is the principles behind it. ## The Importance of Gratification and Managing Expectations **Summary:** Business growth is not linear, and our tendency towards instant gratification can lead to disappointment and quitting. Manage expectations by focusing on the process and understanding that results are a lag indicator of accumulated behavior. Video Source:* source: 6m Plan.txt **Content:** I've been thinking a lot, as in over the course of years, about why some people get results and some people don't, and some, and why also the phenomena of people who get results quit along the way because they're dissatisfied with the result they're getting. And it all came back to that, the idea of gratification and in the course of doing things, in the course of executing on something or working on something, and the more obsessed you are with something, the more you value the return from it, and you need feedback from it. And again, the map is, is not the terrain. The math of achieving different revenue levels is easy to write down. Right? I can, I can put math on a page and point to that and go, 
> "Go in, just do $2,739 a day. Go, just go and do it, right, that's it. And you'll do a million dollars a year,"

. And I was, your your working is correct. Yeah. I just wanna get paid to exist. I'm trying to gamify it so much where my business model is. So there's not an ounce of obligation in anything. That's the game for me. And then it's how much money can that bring in? that's a fun game to play as a byproduct. But anytime I've focused on money outside of my first 10 KA month, it's only brought me misery. It's never brought me closer to my higher self. I've never become a better human because I set a money goal. There's, there's no version of us that's instantly happier because we doubled our income. you can create freedom, but you don't just instantly create a new version of yourself that has a higher baseline happiness, a lower baseline stress level simply because you make more money and in most cases you double the money. You doubled the stress In most cases. Yeah. Yeah. No, of course not every case. But it's that, that for me has been a huge, huge, lesson for me is money is a terrible north star for me personally. Creativity, self-expression. How do I gamify the system? So I feel I'm a glitch in the matrix who somehow tapped into the infinite money supply on World of Warcraft and has found the cheat code. That's the game I want to play. Yeah. The paid to exist frame is is is available to everybody. Yeah., Manuel asked, this is my first call here. Do we get a replay? A hundred percent. You get a replay, in the respective community. Dan, Dan doesn't, Dan doesn't have a Zoom password so it's VA's gotta do it. That also might be accurate. I think that's, that's, when you were talking about building landing pages before, I was, oh man, I've not done that in years. I don't even know how to log in to go high level. I don't know how to send an email and go high level at all. I send my VA at WhatsApp message and I say email, entire list, subject this, message this. And then she sends it, which means it's completely on her time zone. So I can never send an email on real time. And it's amazing., guys, we should probably call it, 'cause honestly James and I could gas bag here all day., I hope it's been insightful for you to at least pull away, pull a couple of threads from our rants to just self-reflect If we could distill anything. I know I speak for James when I say, the most important advice is, find the thing that works best for you and do that. Do you feel that's a fair summarization James? Or do you feel it's more about, get high testosterone and marry a Brazilian Well cool. A call, book a call. I've got a $4,800 offer to sell sell You this, this too could be yours. Can I tell a, can I tell a really quick story? Yeah. guys, guys, you're allowed to jump off at any point In the, in the early, in the early days of Uplevel with Sam, if you got to, I think it was a million. You got a, you got a VIP day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On a jet. I didn't get a jet. Oh you well you that was the whole thing. You got a jet. Sorry. Anyway, I better message him now and say you f*****g owe me a jet man., but you got a VIP day and he is, I was in Auckland at the time and he said, I'm coming back, coming back to New Zealand this day. And I was, oh, that works

.com it's a book it :04 will tell you how to build a million doll Consulting business in two days a week or less and I'll show :10 it's it's a it's a it's a proper book not one of these hey here's some vague ideas and buy my next 997 :20 course to do it it tells you how to do it for 10 bucks but it's it's also not that long right it's 68 :26 pages oh wow 68 and it's got a couple of videos on the other side of it showing exactly how to do it so people can :35 get the how-to for $10 or $100,000 right and and and a lot of stops in between but I'm always :42 this is how to do it I give away the ideas and and then people will take them where they where they need to :48 take them and and some some choose to get my help along the way love it James thanks so much enjoy the walk on the :54 beach and we'll see you next time thank you sir Ignore Your Weaknesses if you want to get rich: cool dude we're finally doing it so this is hilarious James and I were just talking about how you and I we don't have to there's no one else here no it's just us dude we have had this conversation just not recorded for hundreds of hours hundreds yeah hundreds it's funny man I don't know what's kept us from putting the putting the camera on or a mic and just sharing it and I think I had a conversation with you or I text you when I was in New Zealand a few weeks ago and I was we have to record something because I feel we have good conversations and it's not we have all the answers but we have answers that have worked for us that will hopefully work for other people as well yeah and so I have a sense of my obligation to go let's just turn it on share what we have and hopefully one or two people will be helped in the process we have to do it yeah so we live in Bali you live two minutes up the road which is fantastic and I can't remember where we met we I I got to know you more deeply at takimore's event end of 2019 I think in manly in Sydney yeah we met before then we'd chattered but we hadn't physically met classic classic internet even though the little tiny internet community in New Zealand is tiny yeah exactly exactly and then and then you were in Bali at the time so you came over to manly we spent those few days together you went back to Bali covet happened you came back to New Zealand we spent a lot of time together then I remember we spent a couple of days together in Auckland which was great we're now when our cities weren't in lockdown and such a weird time and and now that I live here it's just been amazing because we obviously get to catch up yeah multiple times a week and there's our favorite Cafe out there called honey that we hang out at and so anyway if we go back for you I meant you when you were already doing this and there was a time when you weren't what is that what is this by the way exactly I think we'll go there though yeah yeah so whatever it is the heck that we do right now there was a time when you didn't do that and so without going through the whole origin story of well and let me ask because I don't even know yeah where were you born born in Auckland okay New Zealand yeah but mostly adult life was in the UK so I went there in my early 20s right so what were you doing in the UK so my first job for all the sales right so move say that again what sales and sales so I got the I got the blue chip training right Vodafone BMW and those companies and then I went to become a financial advisor right and I went there and they were hey we lend money out and we charge interest on it and

., indoctrinate people the most and create the highest caliber of person. ## Two Types of Client-Getting Books: Big Idea vs. Single Mechanism **Summary:** Client-getting books can be categorized into two main types: "Big Idea" books that encompass a comprehensive vision, and "Mechanism" books that focus on a specific strategy or process. Both types can be effective, but Mechanism books often sell better due to their immediate problem-solving nature. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So there's 2 types of books that we can create. The 1st one is the big idea. the one that completely sells them and if you want to get more context on the sovereign consultant and the pieces of how I assembled that watch the authority training in the classroom. but the big idea completely sells them on your whole vision, your whole world, who they who they can become what they need, what they need to do next, and and ultimately how they do it. The the why, what, how, so? The sovereign consultant is A is an example of a big idea book. It's a big idea that creates the idea of what a sovereign consultant is. what they need to do to do it, and how to do it. As they unpack the chapters. So, the the Big Idea book is more of the book than our book, slightly contradicting what I said before, but it's it's ultimately the the big idea. the second type of book which I'm confident that 80% of you have now is a book that's just about a single mechanism. ## From Trainings to Books: Leveraging Existing Content **Summary:** Existing training materials and workshops can be easily repurposed into books. Transcribing workshops and blending them with training documents provides a substantial base for a book, requiring primarily editing and structuring. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So the sovereign consultant book is created from 4 trainings. So there's a software consultant the the simplest path to a million dollars profit a year. You can see that training. You can see that it's got a Google Doc attached to it. The hybrid offer customers to clients in the data client machine. So, as I said, I will create 3 more books based on those mechanisms. So I will have an interconnected world of books that that point to each other and cross reference each other. Because I've already got the baseline of those books. So what I did is, I created a training. I ran the workshop. I got the workshop transcribed, and then I blended the the original training Doc, because I do my trainings in in Google Docs. And I blended that with the transcript of the of the workshop. The average hour long workshop generates about 17 to 24,000 words depending on how fast you speak. That's a book right? There is editing required, but you can have something usable and drop it into drop it into those, and I'm going to give you the book and the outline, and in a more readable and raw format. ## Simplifying the Book Creation Process: Focusing on Client Acquisition **Summary:** Client-getting books should be viewed as enhanced lead magnets or condensed workshops, focusing on client acquisition rather than being complex literary works. This approach simplifies the process and allows for quicker client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** This is a lead magnet on steroids or a reduction of a workshop. Right? And again, most people here have done both of those things, and the book is the happy middle ground in terms of the asset that is created from those, and also an asset that ultimately we can put into something that's got bit better economics

. This approach simplifies the process and allows for quicker client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** This is a lead magnet on steroids or a reduction of a workshop. Right? And again, most people here have done both of those things, and the book is the happy middle ground in terms of the asset that is created from those, and also an asset that ultimately we can put into something that's got bit better economics. ## Chris Benetti on Book Funnels and Client Acquisition **Summary:** Chris Benetti emphasizes the importance of viewing a book as a tool for client acquisition, rather than striving for a large, complex publication. A shorter, focused book created quickly can be more effective for generating clients. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** I think the point you made, a book, not the book is is huge. I think that's a massive thing that most people just they see, all of the Russell Brunson's, and they see, Dan Martell, buy back your time, and they're man. These books are massive, we've got to do best seller and all this crap. And it's just., that's that's great for them, and where they're at, and their status in life, and what they're trying to accomplish. But for you, you most likely want to get clients from your book. And so the the book doesn't need to be. Doesn't need to be a thing, and it it should just be a a machine in the cog, for where you're at right now, and what you want to achieve from the book and I'm sure those guys get clients because they have these massive things that they're putting out there. But that's that's, probably 2 years worth of work to create one of those assets and to to create a marketing campaign around that. And it's just, I'd rather you guys turn out a book in a weekend and get clients next week. ## Framing Your Book Around Client Problems and Solutions **Summary:** Chris Benetti advises focusing on the core problems clients face and creating a book that offers solutions and a clear path to working with you. This simple approach can be highly effective for client generation. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** and and I think it's more simple than we think. So the the thing from my perspective that I to just talk about is is the frame. So a lot of a lot of people work with you guys because you have a solution to offer, and they're likely struggling with a core common problem. And so if we can just identify what that problem is, and then write a book that, talks about the solution right then and there, and then a pathway to how they can work with you to achieve that thing. Then that's a very simple cycle that we can control and create. And it doesn't need to be complicated. ## Mechanism Books, Client Acquisition, and the Path to Traditional Publishing **Summary:** Mechanism-focused books often outperform big idea books in sales due to their problem-solving nature. A client-getting book can also pave the way for traditional publishing opportunities later on. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** Those the mechanism books sell better than the big Big idea books, because they're more immediate and they're more problem focused. So the daily client machine was very, very easy book to sell. It had a very high conversion rate, and it had a very high conversion rate off the back end, because the the this is how you get clients every day is a, a common thing that's top of mind. So the mechanism books are a little bit easier to sell them, anyways, because they're more problem orientated and solution orientated than

[ __ ] stressful it was unbelievably stressful but it's in those moments where you're what do I really want to do who do I really want to be and was that clear to you at that time or is that something that was evolving no not at all I think in hindsight the North Star has always been the tinkering piece making something putting it out there I was always a top performer in sales because I'd always be interested in the person an interest in the psychology of what I was saying what was coming across the dynamic the relationship and those things and I think the next thing that I did I was sitting at home one night watching everything crumble and I emailed a startup in London called living social so Groupon and living social have both come onto the market a daily deals market and then just exploded into this thing because local businesses could use them to get customers which is notoriously difficult right and I emailed the general manager who they'd come to London they had about four or five people and he said can you be in central London at eight o'clock the next morning it's yeah it was a response that do an email at 11 o'clock at night got there got the job on the spot and then 16 months later there were 350 people they've been funded with 800 Million by Amazon I was in the middle of another thing which was all about making lots of offers right and and but in the online space this is fascinating because I don't even know this stuff I know I know the New Zealand Origins yeah I didn't quite know the UK stuff and so at this time was I'm fascinated because most entrepreneurs have the story of I was born an entrepreneur I was unemployable I kept getting fired from places that doesn't seem it's your story I'm sure there were moments of this is hard I would rather be doing my own thing but were apart from the tinkering was was Freedom autonomy sovereignty was that a big part of the value set at that point or did that come over time as you're exposed to more the online space and people talking about it yeah it was only after Max was born so max is my son it's only after Max was born that I started to look at them environment we're in and not one to not want to have children in the in the system the type of things that we call them that we maybe not say out loud the consequence of what I did became much more real yeah that it wasn't just me and I could float through and it didn't matter if I maybe did things that were compromising values working in an industry that keeps people in debt didn't matter right there's no consequence it was I was making money who cares yeah yeah but after he was born I was looking at what we are in in the system yeah in terms of the system of society and especially in Western society and I was okay you need to have options yeah and the belief that has never gone away is true freedom is Downstream of Financial Freedom yeah so you can make a lot of impact and all these words the buzzwords but unless you've got choices yeah you can't really get to True Freedom and people can throw around what that means to them and it is very personal but it was until Max was born that I really thought I need to cultivate an environment where I'm living in something that gives some choices yeah because of that sense that the world's not going to be the same and if it's the same as it is now then I'd rather plot an alternative course right around it yeah I I feel I didn't even have a work ethic until I got married and especially when I had my first kid Brooklyn seven years ago that was when I felt was I found another gear I was oh okay I the stakes are higher especially because my wife and I for most of our 20s were working for the church we were broke but we were it was a mutually we both decided we were going to be broke and so neither one of us was resentful or bitter it was we're

it if there's no true genuine desire there yeah it's very difficult to acquire skills when you don't have desire behind them yeah it's very difficult to wear I really want to be good at this and I need to be good at this when there's no actual want deep inside you to want to do it well well I think we'll come back to this but this idea that business needs to be hard is a really prevalent one because I think business is already hard because we have to grow and gain skills and stick out things things and develop character traits that allow us to focus on one thing for a really long time but then people also make it unnecessarily hard they go well I'm not good at this so I must get better at it because I I don't want to have a weak Link in the chain I don't want to have a hole in the bucket but man we have friends who have great businesses and suck at huge parts of it right they either hire around themselves we have multi-millionaire friends who can barely tie their shoes yeah yeah yeah that's a reality yeah and I'm useless at some some very normal we talked about this with life admin right yeah I would way rather be hit with a hundred thousand dollar tax bill and have to figure that out over the next month then organize a youth camp the scale of of the problem is significantly different but the complexity or even just if you peel it back if I had to buy our groceries every week and things that it sounds so such a luxury but those things stress me out those everyday things but but so many entrepreneurs think they need a master at all I need to have all of the things me good at Marketing sales maybe the best dad the best husband and then that means I need to take all of the stereotypical things I need to be amazing at sitting down and playing with my kids with Lego for hours at a time I need to have the Lawns mode the Hedge trimmed whatever else but you bring that to business it's the same deal my take is that it's a product of weaponizing Shame right and it starts at a young age because we need the system needs people to be in a certain way and compliant with doing those things in productive and with weaponized shame and now we've Amplified it with this thing called the internet to say if you don't want things these things you're not normal then there's something wrong with you if you don't want to be this if you don't want to spend your days that if you don't believe these things then there's something morally wrong with you and we're going to shame you yeah and it's weaponized everywhere yeah and it's weaponized by people's Often by the people that are closest to the recipient of that shame right because they're you should want this I was asked by people who came to visit a couple of weeks ago as we're sitting in our house with our staff everybody here has local staff we have a family it's true guys and they're how do you feel about these people serving you and I was amazing amazing because this family have a house here they've got Vehicles they've got they send their kids to school that their son's getting a higher education because they work for me and they love my kids just they're their own it feels great but that's just one example of things to be well you shouldn't have people serve you yet as an entrepreneur your time time is the only scarce thing on earth unless you yield it properly with the skill set that you were either innately given and Amplified you are going to fail to create the most value you possibly can so you should be ashamed of doing the things you're bad at and doing the things that you shouldn't be doing because it's going to cost you and it's going to cost the people who depend on you yeah and this this is we'll get to it in a second but let's talk about Sam ovens because he went through that period which is what my mind is going to now but most people listening

. Right? The the key piece, and the piece of both. The other piece of experimentation is around converting those those book customers into clients. So I've done 2 things, and I'm gonna double down on one of these things. and discard the other just through experimentation. So the 1st one is putting them on a wait list. And if you want the wait list again, it's in the waitlist training in in the classroom. ## Live Workshops: A High-Leverage Path to Client Acquisition **Summary:** Live workshops are a highly effective method for converting customers to clients. They provide valuable content, increase time on brand, and offer a natural opportunity to pitch client programs. A converting live workshop can also become a standalone product, further increasing leverage. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** I'm going to double down on live workshops for 2 reasons. A live workshop is a better product than a static course. So I'm gonna change my $200 upsell into a a course and a program and bonuses. But it's around a live workshop. and a live workshop is a much higher converting path from customers to clients right? We know around here that, people can easily get 10 to 40% of people who come to a workshop into their community or client program. If I was starting from scratch I would sell a live workshop in the funnel and get people who buy the book into that into that live workshop and ultimately pitch the client program from there. ## Book Funnel Templates, the Sovereign Book Club, and Done-For-You Services **Summary:** James Kemp offers funnel templates and announces the Sovereign Book Club, an 8-week program to help participants create, market, and launch their own book funnels. A done-for-you service is also available for those who prefer to outsource the process. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt **Content:** So 2 things left. We've got some swipes. Chris has put together way more than I asked him to. He's massively over delivered. We've got creative swipes. We got the copy swipes. and we've got the funnel template. This is the I'm not sure if you can see that this is the live book funnel that we're running on software consultant. So as you can see, it's done. 40 ish brand on the front end. This is the exact funnel that I've given you. So I've given you everything in this one. So it's got the sales page, the upsell, the downsell, the confirmation, and then we've included the wait list, and then we've included the delivery components of the of the different of the different upsells and downsells, so you can drop your upsell and downsell, and that delivery. ## The Sovereign Book Club: An 8-Week Book Funnel Creation Program **Summary:** The Sovereign Book Club offers an 8-week guided program for creating a book, developing upsells, building a funnel, and running paid ads. This program provides a structured approach to book funnel creation and launch, with personalized support and ad management. Video Source:* Book Funnel Workshop.txt Content:* What we're also doing ============================================================ # SOURCE FILE: all_transcripts_combined_part_7.txt

paradox of the small Fray internet little tiny stuff was who cares right what's the big deal but the ego was the thing that was preventing me from doing the stuff I needed to do because it didn't look right right so both of those opposing forces got me stuck right in terms of not launching it fast enough not hitting the ground running because when I did it was it was off straight away so there was a paradox of I'm really good look at this this stuff's little it's so easy I could phone it in yeah but also I needed it to look a certain way because I was worried people went away you've got a reputation you've got yeah yeah I get it so it was the worst Paradox you can get because the two opposing forces of the equal you're just stuck in place yeah and I was for months stuck in place doing what were you were you doing the equivalent of I'm building a website for myself I was doing the equivalent of I'm gonna move these boxes around on this landing page and make and do the slides for that vsl video again yeah yeah and by Friday it will be done oh no I should change that word right perfectionist procrastination yeah because I was worried about what people would think about it which I think is human nature I think there'd be a lot of people listening who laugh at something that and go I remember those days or that's so funny but most of my coaching calls are dealing with people even at multiples and figures who were just overthinking stuff they're they're in they're in a that a loop of productive procrastination I'm not not this is one of the things I've learned about entrepreneurs normal people when they're overwhelmed or unclear right normally right they they don't do anything right so that's why when you talk to normal people the everyday person around procrastination it's such a huge topic because they're struggling with inaction most entrepreneurs struggle with too much action they're taking so much action in so many different directions that it's the thing causing them to not move forward because they're productively procrastinating right so instead of me creating the module I'm going to listen to 10 podcasts and five of the best YouTube videos on it and read three books on it so that I create the perfect podcast of the perfect module or the whatever it may be yeah and that version of what you went through I'm trying to get the landing page perfect is the same thing that everyone goes through it just looks different it looks more mature that it's the same behavior in that same whether it's scarcity or insecurity or inadequacy driving people for I'm just waiting for it to be perfect right that's it's a perfectionism that people wrestle fully I think also that there's also as you grow up there's a there's a creation of optionality get this thing so you can get that thing get the get the qualification so you can get the job so if you create options for yourself if you create more options yourself for yourself it's better the reality is very different the more options just lead you to more more noise in the system to say what's the actual signal and because it's the hardest question to answer what do I want right so that you get more options to get things that other people want that you think you should want so then you just get stuck because you're dealing with your own internal procrastination but you're also looking at the wants of others and going maybe I should want that maybe what I want isn't good enough yeah I totally agree and I think that's the whole idea of people are suffering from the the silent disease of of confusion or lack of clarity is so true yeah right most people just do not know what they want or if or if they know what they want they don't know why they want it oh you want to get to 50K a month why sounds great 100 camera I would love to shake Russell brunson's hand but they don't have a vision that's fueled by a motivation that will

.0 and then I sat there I thought about it and I was :41 am I becoming new Dan Bolton or am I becoming true Dan Moulton now funny play on words but for me what's really :47 interesting is if I think about who I was as an 18 year old I'm more reflective of the 18 year old now :54 and this season than I have been for the last five years because I deviated so far from the values of the vision that I :00 had for my life now this is of course not true at every age I can't look back at Dan Moulton at seven dead :06 multiple seven wanted to be a backup dancer in the Spice Girls 100 True got my mum to call the travel agents to :14 figure out how much it would cost to fly to the UK you took action you're an action taker The Action preseason :21 already believe in my ability to figure it out but when we look at overall I'm gonna make that dream come true for you one day I promise please bring back the :29 reunion when we look over the our lives there is so much breadcrumbs as :34 to who the true version of us is yeah definitely so Evolution we think about it in terms of the self-creation but :40 it's almost the self-discovery of the person that was always there I think Michelangelo carved David is that is that who :47 did it was it Leonardo da Vinci one of the one of the greats right he carved David out of the Rock and he said David was always there I just had to chip away :54 everything that was not him and and I think the process of evolution is almost that that it's not as if you :59 and I are blank slates right now and we go who do we want to be there's a level of freedom to that but it's almost who have we always been that we've :07 been ignoring this whole time the idea for me building my business around creation now dude I grew up :14 playing music all I wanted to do was play music as an adult that was the only thing I dreamed of doing was music drama :20 Then I then I spent almost a decade of my life where the main part of what I did was speaking and creating messages :26 yeah and then I started an ads agency and I was just an ad accounts all day and then I built a team and I was just :32 in meetings all day there was no point where I was this is the version of Dan that I feel I'm supposed to be I just lost sight of that and it's it's :40 so tough that it takes really low moments for us to get there but whatever :45 it takes for us to get there it's almost less about imagining and it's more about remembering :52 it's more about remembering the person we've always been and coming back to that the the interesting one story :58 I told recently was the pervasive childhood memory for me was Lego :03 so I would get Lego and I would assemble it and I'd immediately disassemble it and then make it into lots of different :10 things that were my own creations and it's interesting I'd done the same thing in business right I'd immediately :16 learned something and then disassemble it and make it slightly mine to get a result from it and I still do that to :22 this day that that innate okay there's a pattern here there's a system to follow :28 but in the process of building that system I think I've seen a better way to do it I'm going to do it on my own and :35 again I ignored that or so many times where I overplayed that as as a :41 one-trick pony of being I'm just going to be a derivative of that and it is largely remembering that find something :48 stand on the shoulders of giants but then in a from a creative sense down on the shoulder of :54 Giants and then choose choose

[ __ ] so why do we have a complicator why is it that people go :27 through all of the seasons of being someone they're not and all that stuff is it that we just don't know is :32 it that we feel we haven't given ourselves permission for it we don't have the skills because I feel I'm in the same season I only want to do :39 stuff I'm excited to do and it's super profitable super fun and I'm why :44 did I not do this not only that the crazy thing is people admire and respect :50 it much more than any other action because they're it is so obvious that someone is living their own lives :57 yeah and that is freedom yeah right so we talk about Freedom as the the highest pursuit of humans and these :03 things which I believe and when they see someone doing what they really genuinely :09 want and loving it people are I want to follow this model right :15 and you can be so uncompromising on that yeah I am so uncompromising now I :21 am so strong boundaries around things that I do yeah and but in the container :29 is coaching word in the container of what I make it's going to be the best thing it possibly is for what it you :35 know what it says on the turn and people people admire and respect that yeah because they're that's Freedom he's :40 doing what he wants yo I think Joseph Campbell says we're not so much searching for meaning in life as we are :46 for the experience of being Fully Alive and then people wonder why as a stressed :51 out coach they're struggling to get clients but it's if I'm signing up to a coach who looks they're :57 miserable and stressed and that they hate the business that they're in yeah in what world am I going to be feeling :04 more Fully Alive working with them than another coach who feels you're looking at their business and :10 you're going are they having this thing called fun that's crazy and that's been interesting for me as I've been creating :16 content more in this year as I've been burned everything to the ground simplified things people will say things :21 I really your videos don't really know why I feel such a connection with you I really your energy or :28 something to that effect and for me this marketing psychology and all sorts :33 of stuff and no doubt I have skills that are undergirding that I've built over the last few years the biggest thing is :39 I'm only creating videos I want to create yeah I refuse to create anything I'm not excited about so I we have done :47 no YouTube research when with launching the YouTube channel around best Trends I'm I want to talk :52 about things I want to talk about and I want to talk about them in a way that I'm excited to talk about them I don't want to just create content for the sake :58 of it I don't want to create a funnel for the sake of it I don't want to create anything for the sake of it but most people that's where they live from :04 they live from that energy of need and I have to rather than the energy of I get to yeah yeah and that's where I think :10 there's the big shift that that a lot of people could make I think it could and I think there's a whole industry that's going to prevent them right which is the :17 one we're in right because I think I think a huge amount of people buy coaching or what is cool coaching now in :23 terms of the group coaching environment because of trauma bonding right they're looking for an authority figure in their life because they were unfulfilled from :30 the authority figures that were presented to them in early life and you've alluded to this :35 and there's a huge fear of Annoying mummy or Daddy because you don't follow the system right and that

one we're in right because I think I think a huge amount of people buy coaching or what is cool coaching now in :23 terms of the group coaching environment because of trauma bonding right they're looking for an authority figure in their life because they were unfulfilled from :30 the authority figures that were presented to them in early life and you've alluded to this :35 and there's a huge fear of Annoying mummy or Daddy because you don't follow the system right and that :41 and that as then injected learned helplessness into the actions of people who are scared to :47 move on their own and scared to do what they really want in case there aren't casts from the group so we've got we've :53 got mummy and daddy issues trauma bonding and tribe Dynamics or convalescing :58 around keeping people stuck yeah but just enough people can mimic the business model of the person they're :04 learning from or the the skills or whatever it is to be successful for that to for the that scheme to continue yeah :12 but the the failure the failure rates of the promise result in this industry are :17 disgusting they're single-figure percentages because the promises got so big and so ridiculous and the guarantees :23 got so out of this world thanks Mr homozy the purple book over there yeah yeah or you don't :28 pay but it's acceptable to have single figure success things :34 yeah but the interesting thing about what both you and I have done is not measured success just on money right :40 we're we're talking to people and saying what lights you're out do you want a fun business do you want to do it with these :46 yeah because you can have profit as well yeah but it's a byproduct of these things and we talk about profit we talk :52 about money we talk about all these things because they're important to get freedom and they're Downstream from these things and they enable resources :57 enable us to do things but I think the interesting thing that the interesting Journey both you and I are on right now :04 is that we're not doing it when we're not making money that's compromising the fun and the ease and the values and :09 those things yeah and that's what people resonate with they're because money is :15 people hate that money is easy yeah right the other stuff is difficult oh yeah but if it it's got to be the :23 right money it's got to be the right school board and that's what people are looking for and that's that's the :28 healthy byproduct of a sophistication of a Marketplace as well because people someone said to me in a message this :35 morning I'm not looking for another Guru right now and I was tongue-in-cheek :40 back saying thank you for tangentially calling me a guru what are you and then just start asking questions :46 what do they want in those things yeah and and none of the questions how much money do you want to make yeah it's what are you doing right now :53 what are you enjoying what are you hating what do you want us to look yeah and what's meaningful to :58 you in terms of profitability and those things from where you are yeah in many cases the hard thing that people only go of is :05 that to change business models and change some of the things that they need to change because they're keeping them trapped yeah there is a period where you :11 go backwards before you go forwards I've had to go backwards before I went forwards and and recent :16 history yeah but I needed to do it for lots of reasons but I also had :22 accepted that that was going to be the case that I could I could take the L's for a few months to get back on :28 to to do and be inside something that I loved I think this :34 brings me to the word of the theme that I had for this year which is :39 this whole idea of

. So I will create content that attempts to tell that story. So philosophy is you. What do you believe, and what is your worldview? To a lesser or greater extent, all of my clients share some or all of my worldview about my ideas about sovereignty and freedom and these pieces. So I share those on a regular basis because being my people is an important part of being in my world. It's very useful to believe those things. If people want to build a gigantic business with a glass building with a name on it, then I'm probably not the right guy to talk to. And so I need to be clear in my content that this is what I believe, and this is what I stand for, and this is also what I don't believe in as well. ## Proof Content: Demonstrating How Results are Achieved **Summary:** James Kemp defines proof content as going beyond testimonials by providing insights into how clients achieved results. He stresses the importance of highlighting the mechanisms used to achieve success, making the process replicable for potential clients. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** The second type is proof, and proof is different to, say, a case study or a testimonial. It's different to a testimonial, but it's definitely my take on a case study. Proof is proving you can help someone by demonstrating how you help someone. And solid proof goes beyond testimonials. It delivers insight on how someone you worked with got a result, and mechanisms are very, very useful when you're talking about proof. So this post here, talking about how Tom made 19k in sales helping people finish their music. He joined the syndicate, so I'm inserting the product name, the thing he participated in. And then I'm talking about the mechanisms that are used to generate that 19k. Again, an example many years ago from Matt, the eight steps that he took to transform his business with a case study. I'm not saying just what the results were. I am telling people the mechanisms these people used to get the results. And that's the distinction between a typical case study. Most case studies aim to boost the credibility of the person narrating the story. I'm seeking to generate an insight to show that there's things that are accessible for people to get a result, that if you use a hybrid offer, if you use customers to clients, if you use the daily client machine, etc., that you can get a result behind them. So there's that. I dig deeper into more of those examples, and the actual breakdown of those and the ultimate case study template, which is again in the classroom. But, at a very simple level, these are one step beyond a case study. They're not saying just what happened, they're demonstrating how it happened as well. ## Problem Content: Sharing Insights and Solutions **Summary:** James Kemp defines problem content as sharing insights gathered from experience, offering solutions to common problems. He advocates for providing complete solutions within the content, demonstrating expertise and building trust. Video Source:* source: ContentCode.txt **Content:** Problem. So this is, share an insight that you gather from delivering. The more common the problem, and the more unique your approach to solving it, the more traction these posts get. This is where a belief in giving everybody everything they need in your content is useful. I don't hold back when I tell stories that I create. I don't say,

## Components

### Log into HighLevel account 2. Navigate to Sites > Funnels 3. Click "Create New Funnel" 4. Name the funnel

"[Client Name] - [Service Name] Funnel" 5. Set the funnel URL slug: `/[client-service-name]` ##

## How to Apply

breaks the feedback loop, hindering growth and preventing the accumulation of case studies and testimonials. ## The Journey: Creative Destruction and the Evolution of Ideas **Summary:** This chunk describes the process of creative destruction, taking valuable insights forward while discarding what no longer serves, leading to the development of new products and services.

